invalid	i am in hospital da. . i will return home in evening
invalid	"not much, just some textin'. how bout you?"
invalid	i probably won't eat at all today. i think i'm gonna pop. how was your weekend? did u miss me?
invalid	don‘t give a flying monkeys wot they think and i certainly don‘t mind. any friend of mine and all that!
invalid	who are you seeing?
invalid	your opinion about me? 1. over 2. jada 3. kusruthi 4. lovable 5. silent 6. spl character 7. not matured 8. stylish 9. simple pls reply..
invalid	yesterday its with me only . now am going home.
invalid	yes. it's all innocent fun. o:-)
invalid	a boy was late 2 home. his father: power of frndship
invalid	is ur changes 2 da report big? cos i've already made changes 2 da previous report.
invalid	"sorry about earlier. putting out fires.are you around to talk after 9? or do you actually have a life, lol!"
invalid	i'm still looking for a car to buy. and have not gone 4the driving test yet.
invalid	pls send me your address sir.
invalid	did u got that persons story
invalid	i love to cuddle! i want to hold you in my strong arms right now...
invalid	no de.am seeing in online shop so that i asked.
invalid	"hey, can you tell me blake's address? carlos wanted me to meet him there but i got lost and he's not answering his phone"
invalid	yo im right by yo work
invalid	my sister cleared two round in birla soft yesterday.
invalid	o was not into fps then.
invalid	finish already... yar they keep saying i mushy... i so embarrassed ok...
invalid	what you doing?how are you?
invalid	my ex-wife was not able to have kids. do you want kids one day?
invalid	not yet. just i'd like to keep in touch and it will be the easiest way to do that from barcelona. by the way how ru and how is the house?
invalid	going thru a very different feeling.wavering decisions and coping up with the same is the same individual.time will heal everything i believe.
invalid	same as u... dun wan... y u dun like me already ah... wat u doing now? still eating?
invalid	for many things its an antibiotic and it can be used for chest abdomen and gynae infections even bone infections.
valid	"hot live fantasies call now 08707509020 just 20p per min ntt ltd, po box 1327 croydon cr9 5wb 0870..k"
invalid	lol i have to take it. member how i said my aunt flow didn't visit for 6 months? it's cause i developed ovarian cysts. bc is the only way to shrink them.
invalid	"just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. i just sent her a text not to bother sending. so its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. i shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise."
invalid	you see the requirements please
invalid	"im in inperialmusic listening2the weirdest track ever by”leafcutter john”-sounds like insects being molested&someone plumbing,remixed by evil men on acid!"
invalid	ya! when are ü taking ure practical lessons? i start in june..
invalid	ok. c u then.
invalid	ok no prob... i'll come after lunch then...
invalid	i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
invalid	let ur heart be ur compass ur mind ur map ur soul ur guide and u will never loose in world....gnun - sent via way2sms.com
invalid	we can make a baby in yo tho
invalid	"sorry, i'll call later"
valid	please call our customer service representative on freephone 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have won a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
invalid	"ya tel, wats ur problem.."
invalid	shall i get my pouch?
invalid	haiyoh... maybe your invalidster was jealous of million
invalid	5 nights...we nt staying at port step liao...too ex
valid	"urgent! last weekend's draw shows that you have won £1000 cash or a spanish holiday! call now 09050000332 to claim. t&c: rstm, sw7 3ss. 150ppm"
invalid	nope wif my sis lor... aft bathing my dog then i can bathe... looks like it's going 2 rain soon.
invalid	i can call in  &lt;#&gt;  min if thats ok
invalid	you will be in the place of that man
invalid	i couldn't say no as he is a dying man and i feel sad for him so i will go and i just wanted you to know i would probably be gone late into your night
invalid	do 1 thing! change that sentence into: because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here..
invalid	jade its paul. y didn’t u txt me? do u remember me from barmed? i want 2 talk 2 u! txt me
invalid	v skint too but fancied few bevies.waz gona go meet &othrs in spoon but jst bin watchng planet earth&sofa is v comfey; if i dont make it hav gd night
invalid	if anyone calls for a treadmill say you'll buy it. make sure its working. i found an ad on craigslist selling for $ &lt;#&gt; .
valid	<forwarded from 21870000>hi - this is your mailbox messaging sms alert. you have 40 matches. please call back on 09056242159 to retrieve your messages and matches cc100p/min
invalid	try to do something dear. you read something for exams
invalid	kinda. first one gets in at twelve! aah. speak tomo
invalid	"trust me. even if isn't there, its there."
invalid	but i juz remembered i gotta bathe my dog today..
invalid	"theoretically yeah, he could be able to come"
invalid	good afternoon starshine! how's my boytoy? does he crave me yet? ache to fuck me ? *sips cappuccino* i miss you babe *teasing kiss*
valid	december only! had your mobile 11mths+? you are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for free! call the mobile update co free on 08002986906
invalid	lol for real. she told my dad i have cancer
invalid	"k, can that happen tonight?"
invalid	k. i will sent it again
invalid	"dont search love, let love find u. thats why its called falling in love, bcoz u dont force yourself, u just fall and u know there is smeone to hold u... bslvyl"
valid	urgent! your mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize guaranteed. call 09061790126 from land line. claim 3030. valid 12hrs only 150ppm
invalid	nan sonathaya soladha. why boss?
invalid	tell her i said eat shit.
invalid	its a great day. do have yourself a beautiful one.
invalid	"sorry battery died, yeah i'm here"
invalid	great! how is the office today?
invalid	"my mobile number.pls sms ur mail id.convey regards to achan,amma.rakhesh.qatar"
invalid	x course it 2yrs. just so her messages on messenger lik you r sending me
valid	claire here am havin borin time & am now alone u wanna cum over 2nite? chat now 09099725823 hope 2 c u luv claire xx calls£1/minmoremobsemspobox45po139wa
invalid	i got your back! do you have any dislikes in bed?
invalid	"st andre, virgil's cream"
invalid	howz that persons story
invalid	twenty past five he said will this train have been to durinvalid already or not coz i am in a reserved seat
invalid	are you wet right now?
invalid	and do you have any one that can teach me how to ship cars.
invalid	no no. i will check all rooms befor activities
invalid	jus finish blowing my hair. u finish dinner already?
invalid	"cool, want me to go to kappa or should i meet you outside mu"
invalid	your dad is back in ph?
invalid	"shit that is really shocking and scary, cant imagine for a second. def up for night out. do u think there is somewhere i could crash for night, save on taxi?"
invalid	hello handsome ! are you finding that job ? not being lazy ? working towards getting back that net for mummy ? where's my boytoy now ? does he miss me ?
invalid	g wants to know where the fuck you are
valid	"rock yr chik. get 100's of filthy films &xxx pics on yr phone now. rply filth to 69669. saristar ltd, e14 9yt 08701752560. 450p per 5 days. stop2 cancel"
invalid	okie.. thanx..
valid	"free2day sexy st george's day pic of jordan!txt pic to 89080 dont miss out, then every wk a saucy celeb!4 more pics c pocketbabe.co.uk 0870241182716 £3/wk"
invalid	can ü all decide faster cos my sis going home liao..
valid	this message is free. welcome to the new & improved sex & dogging club! to unsubscribe from this service reply stop. msgs@150p 18 only
invalid	are you still playing with gautinvalid?
invalid	&lt;#&gt;  w jetton ave if you forgot
invalid	"rose for red,red for blood,blood for heart,heart for u. but u for me.... send tis to all ur friends.. including me.. if u like me.. if u get back, 1-u r poor in relation! 2-u need some 1 to support 3-u r frnd 2 many 4-some1 luvs u 5+- some1 is praying god to marry u.:-) try it...."
invalid	"si.como no?!listened2the plaid album-quite gd&the new air1 which is hilarious-also bought”braindance”a comp.ofstuff on aphex’s ;abel,u hav2hear it!c u sn xxxx"
invalid	the xmas story is peace.. the xmas msg is love.. the xmas miracle is jesus.. hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish u merry xmas...
valid	hi its lucy hubby at meetins all day fri & i will b alone at hotel u fancy cumin over? pls leave msg 2day 09099726395 lucy x calls£1/minmobsmorelkpobox177hp51fl
invalid	hi :)finally i completed the course:)
invalid	"hmph. go head, big baller."
invalid	i love u 2 my little pocy bell i am sorry but i love u
invalid	wish u many many returns of the day.. happy birthday vikky..
invalid	esplanade lor. where else...
invalid	wherre's my boytoy ? :-(
invalid	just re read it and i have no sinvalide but tell me how he takes it and if he runs i will blame u 4 ever!! not really 4 ever just a long time
invalid	i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
invalid	so what did the bank say about the money?
invalid	btw regarding that we should really try to see if anyone else can be our 4th guy before we commit to a random dude
invalid	"i wake up long ago already... dunno, what other thing?"
invalid	"yeah i am, so i'll leave maybe 7ish?"
invalid	"no worries, hope photo shoot went well. have a spiffing fun at workage."
invalid	"i dont knw pa, i just drink milk.."
invalid	"dont search love, let love find u. thats why its called falling in love, bcoz u dont force yourself, u just fall and u know there is smeone to hold u... bslvyl"
invalid	mind blastin.. no more tsunamis will occur from now on.. rajnikant stopped swimming in indian ocean..:-d
invalid	i've got it down to a tea. not sure which flavour
invalid	i can't make it tonight
valid	call from 08702490080 - tells u 2 call 09066358152 to claim £5000 prize. u have 2 enter all ur mobile & personal details @ the prompts. careful!
invalid	yes i thought so. thanks.
invalid	ya just telling abt tht incident..
invalid	going to join tomorrow.
invalid	are you not around or just still asleep? :v
valid	"spook up your mob with a halloween collection of a logo & pic message plus a free eerie tone, txt card spook to 8007 zed 08701417012150p per logo/pic"
invalid	happy new years melody!
invalid	"its ur luck to love someone. its ur fortune to love the one who loves u. but, its a miracle to love a person who can't love anyone except u... gud nyt..."
invalid	aah bless! how's your arm?
invalid	anything lor. juz both of us lor.
invalid	"looks like you found something to do other than smoke, great job!"
invalid	"ditto. and you won't have to worry about me saying anything to you anymore. like i said last night, you do whatever you want and i'll do the same. peace."
invalid	theyre doing it to lots of places. only hospitals and medical places are safe.
invalid	u reach orchard already? u wan 2 go buy tickets first?
invalid	watching tv now. i got new job :)
invalid	"cool, text me when you head out"
valid	"hot live fantasies call now 08707500020 just 20p per min ntt ltd, po box 1327 croydon cr9 5wb 0870 is a national rate call"
invalid	"aight, i'll ask a few of my roommates"
valid	for sale - arsenal dartboard. good condition but no doubles or trebles!
valid	you have an important customer service announcement from premier.
invalid	how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
invalid	huh so early.. then ü having dinner outside izzit?
invalid	lol i would but my mom would have a fit and tell the whole family how crazy and terrible i am
invalid	what's up my own oga. left my phone at home and just saw ur messages. hope you are good. have a great weekend.
invalid	hi! you just spoke to maneesha v. we'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. reply toll free with yes or no.
invalid	thank u. it better work out cause i will feel used otherwise
invalid	happy new year princess!
invalid	"im sorry bout last nite it wasn’t ur fault it was me, spouse it was pmt or sumthin! u 4give me? i think u shldxxxx"
invalid	k..i deleted my contact that why?
invalid	"good! no, don‘t need any receipts—well done! (…) yes, please tell . what‘s her number, i could ring her"
invalid	ok. but i finish at 6.
invalid	you know there is. i shall speak to you in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes then
invalid	i'm aight. wat's happening on your side.
invalid	"buzz! hey, my love ! i think of you and hope your day goes well. did you sleep in ? i miss you babe. i long for the moment we are together again*loving smile*"
invalid	i will treasure every moment we spend together...
invalid	yes. last  practice
invalid	think + da. you wil do.
valid	u have a secret admirer. reveal who thinks u r so special. call 09065174042. to opt out reply reveal stop. 1.50 per msg recd. cust care 07821230901
invalid	oh ho. is this the first time u use these type of words
invalid	then why you came to hostel.
invalid	"sorry, i'll call later"
invalid	what can i do? might accidant tookplace between somewhere ghodbandar rd. traffic moves slovely. so plz slip &amp; don't worry.
valid	"last chance! claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers today! text shop to 85023 now! savamob, offers mobile! t cs savamob pobox84, m263uz. £3.00 sub. 16"
invalid	where are you ? you said you would be here when i woke ... :-(
invalid	"my life means a lot to me, not because i love my life, but because i love the people in my life, the world calls them friends, i call them my world:-).. ge:-).."
invalid	great! i have to run now so ttyl!
invalid	"sir, waiting for your mail."
invalid	waiting 4 my tv show 2 start lor... u leh still busy doing ur report?
invalid	when did i use soc... i use it only at home... ü dunno how 2 type it in word ar...
invalid	just forced myself to eat a slice. i'm really not hungry tho. this sucks. mark is getting worried. he knows i'm sick when i turn down pizza. lol
invalid	no no:)this is kallis home ground.amla home town is durban:)
invalid	1 in cbe. 2 in chennai.
invalid	glad it went well :) come over at 11 then we'll have plenty of time before claire goes to work.
invalid	u haven’t lost me ill always b here 4u.i didn’t intend 2 hurt u but i never knew how u felt about me when iwas+marine&that’s what itried2tell urmom.i careabout u
invalid	my tuition is at 330. hm we go for the 1120 to 1205 one? do you mind?
invalid	dear how is chechi. did you talk to her
invalid	u horrible gal... u knew dat i was going out wif him yest n u still come n ask me...
valid	winner!! as a valued network customer you have been selected to receivea £900 prize reward! to claim call 09061701461. claim code kl341. valid 12 hours only.
invalid	nope i'm not drivin... i neva develop da photos lei...
valid	phony £350 award - todays voda numbers ending xxxx are selected to receive a £350 award. if you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 3100 standard rates app
invalid	k.k.how is your business now?
invalid	i can do that! i want to please you both inside and outside the bedroom...
valid	free for 1st week! no1 nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt nokia to 8007 get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk pobox 36504 w45wq norm150p/tone 16+
valid	<forwarded from 21870000>hi - this is your mailbox messaging sms alert. you have 4 messages. you have 21 matches. please call back on 09056242159 to retrieve your messages and matches
invalid	"anyway i don't think i can secure anything up here, lemme know if you want me to drive down south and chill"
invalid	"ha ha nan yalrigu heltini..iyo kothi chikku, u shared many things wit me..so far i didn't told any body and even uttered a word abt u.. if ur trusting me so much how can i tell these to others.. plz nxt time dont use those words to me..ok, chikku:-);-)b-)"
invalid	sorry da thangam.it's my mistake.
invalid	hey we can go jazz power yoga hip hop kb and yogasana
valid	cds 4u: congratulations ur awarded £500 of cd gift vouchers or £125 gift guaranteed & freeentry 2 £100 wkly draw xt music to 87066 tncs www.ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
invalid	"yeah i should be able to, i'll text you when i'm ready to meet up"
invalid	"did i forget to tell you ? i want you , i need you, i crave you ... but most of all ... i love you my sweet arabian steed ... mmmmmm ... yummy"
invalid	i am back. good journey! let me know if you need any of the receipts. shall i tell you like the pendent?
invalid	i'm done. c ü there.
invalid	whens your radio show?
invalid	u free on sat rite? u wan 2 watch infernal affairs wif me n darren n mayb xy?
invalid	what are youdoing later? sar xxx
invalid	yes we are chatting too.
invalid	i think i've fixed it can you send a test message?
invalid	no other valentines huh? the proof is on your fb page. ugh i'm so glad i really didn't watch your rupaul show you tool!
invalid	holy living christ what is taking you so long
invalid	small problem in auction:)punj now asking tiwary
invalid	was just about to ask. will keep this one. maybe that's why you didn't get all the messages we sent you on glo
invalid	if you r @ home then come down within 5 min
invalid	sleeping nt feeling well
invalid	kindly send some one to our flat before  &lt;decimal&gt;  today.
valid	"goal! arsenal 4 (henry, 7 v liverpool 2 henry scores with a simple shot from 6 yards from a pass by bergkamp to give arsenal a 2 goal margin after 78 mins."
valid	"all the lastest from stereophonics, marley, dizzee racal, libertines and the strokes! win nookii games with flirt!! click themob wap bookmark or text wap to 82468"
valid	congratulations ur awarded 500 of cd vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt music to 87066 tncs www.ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
invalid	"ugh y can't u just apologize, admit u were wrong and ask me to take u back?"
invalid	"hmm, too many of them unfortunately... pics obviously arent hot cakes. its kinda fun tho"
invalid	how would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
invalid	i'll text now! all creepy like so he won't think that we forgot
valid	"urgent! please call 09066612661 from your landline, your complimentary 4* lux costa del sol holiday or £1000 cash await collection. ppm 150 sae t&cs james 28, eh74rr"
invalid	mum ask ü to buy food home...
invalid	k.i did't see you.:)k:)where are you now?
invalid	wat's da model num of ur phone?
invalid	i'm not driving... raining! then i'll get caught at e mrt station lor.
invalid	i dont know exactly could you ask chechi.
invalid	no need to buy lunch for me.. i eat maggi mee..
invalid	from 5 to 2 only my work timing.
invalid	r u sure they'll understand that! wine * good idea just had a slurp!
invalid	"sorry, i can't text &amp; drive coherently, see you in twenty"
invalid	"nah, i'm a perpetual dd"
invalid	boy you best get yo ass out here quick
invalid	i am going to sao mu today. will be done only at 12
invalid	ugh fuck it i'm resubbing to eve
valid	no 1 polyphonic tone 4 ur mob every week! just txt pt2 to 87575. 1st tone free ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply hl 4info
invalid	:-( sad puppy noise
invalid	does daddy have a bb now.
valid	freemsg: hey - i'm buffy. 25 and love to satisfy men. home alone feeling randy. reply 2 c my pix! qlynnbv help08700621170150p a msg send stop to stop txts
invalid	"forgot you were working today! wanna chat, but things are ok so drop me a text when you're free / bored etc and i'll ring. hope all is well, nose essay and all xx"
invalid	cheers for callin babe.sozi culdnt talkbut i wannatell u details later wenwecan chat properly x
invalid	i love you. you set my soul on fire. it is not just a spark. but it is a flame. a big rawring flame. xoxo
invalid	i had askd u a question some hours before. its answer
invalid	i‘m parked next to a mini!!!! when are you coming in today do you think?
invalid	do u konw waht is rael friendship im gving yuo an exmpel: jsut ese tihs msg.. evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. goodnight &amp; have a nice sleep..sweet dreams..
invalid	love it! the girls at the office may wonder why you are smiling but sore...
invalid	dai i downloaded but there is only exe file which i can only run that exe after installing.
invalid	finally it has happened..! aftr decades..! beer is now cheaper than petrol! the goverment expects us to drink. . . but don't drive
invalid	ok.. ü finishing soon?
invalid	im fine babes aint been up 2 much tho! saw scary movie yest its quite funny! want 2mrw afternoon? at town or mall or sumthin?xx
invalid	"hello lover! how goes that new job? are you there now? are you happy? do you think of me? i wake, my slave and send you a teasing kiss from across the sea"
valid	you will recieve your tone within the next 24hrs. for terms and conditions please see channel u teletext pg 750
invalid	exactly. anyways how far. is jide her to study or just visiting
invalid	what your plan for pongal?
invalid	what is this 'hex' place you talk of? explain!
invalid	k go and sleep well. take rest:-).
invalid	so u wan 2 come for our dinner tonight a not?
valid	double mins & double txt & 1/2 price linerental on latest orange bluetooth mobiles. call mobileupd8 for the very latest offers. 08000839402 or call2optout/lf56
invalid	most of the tiime when i don't let you hug me it's so i don't break into tears.
invalid	bognor it is! should be splendid at this time of year.
invalid	take care and sleep well.you need to learn to change in life.you only need to get convinced on that.i will wait but no more conversations between us.get convinced by that time.your family is over for you in many senses.respect them but not overemphasise.or u have no role in my life.
invalid	fuck cedar key and fuck her (come over anyway tho)
invalid	okie
valid	"congratulations! thanks to a good friend u have won the £2,000 xmas prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 08718726971 now! only 10p per minute. bt-national-rate."
invalid	also maaaan are you missing out
invalid	yeah jay's sort of a fucking retard
invalid	so now my dad is gonna call after he gets out of work and ask all these crazy questions.
invalid	well. balls. time to make calls
valid	"urgent urgent! we have 800 free flights to europe to give away, call b4 10th sept & take a friend 4 free. call now to claim on 09050000555. ba128nnfwfly150ppm"
invalid	"the affidavit says  &lt;#&gt;  e twiggs st, division g, courtroom  &lt;#&gt; , &lt;time&gt;  am. i'll double check and text you again tomorrow"
invalid	life spend with someone for a lifetime may be meaningless but a few moments spent with someone who really love you means more than life itself..
invalid	"(i should add that i don't really care and if you can't i can at least get this dude to fuck off but hey, your money if you want it)"
invalid	back in brum! thanks for putting us up and keeping us all and happy. see you soon
invalid	so ü'll be submitting da project tmr rite?
invalid	i'm home. doc gave me pain meds says everything is fine.
valid	burger king - wanna play footy at a top stadium? get 2 burger king before 1st sept and go large or super with coca-cola and walk out a winner
invalid	both :) i shoot big loads so get ready!
invalid	err... cud do. i'm going to  at 8pm. i haven't got a way to contact him until then.
invalid	yes. that will be fine. love you. be safe.
invalid	i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
invalid	"babe, i'm answering you, can't you see me ? maybe you'd better reboot ym ... i got the photo ... it's great !"
invalid	get ready to moan and scream :)
invalid	going to take your babe out ?
valid	wamma get laid?want real doggin locations sent direct to your mobile? join the uks largest dogging network. txt dogs to 69696 now!nyt. ec2a. 3lp £1.50/msg.
invalid	she doesnt need any test.
invalid	"awesome, think we can get an 8th at usf some time tonight?"
invalid	"each moment in a day,has its own value-morning brings hope,afternoon brings faith,evening brings luv,night brings rest,wish u find them all today.good morning"
invalid	networking technical support associate.
invalid	"hi the way i was with u 2day, is the normal way&this is the real me. ur unique&i hope i know u 4 the rest of mylife. hope u find wot was lost."
invalid	"thank you so much. when we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. hope you are good. we've given you ultimatum oh! we are countin down to aburo. enjoy! this is the message i sent days ago"
invalid	hey! there's veggie pizza... :/
invalid	hi.:)technical support.providing assistance to us customer through call and email:)
invalid	god created gap btwn ur fingers so dat sum1 vry special will fill those gaps by holding ur hands.. now plz dont ask y he created so much gap between legs !!!
valid	i don't know u and u don't know me. send chat to 86688 now and let's find each other! only 150p/msg rcvd. hg/suite342/2lands/row/w1j6hl ldn. 18 years or over.
invalid	"edison has rightly said, a fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer now you know why all of us are speechless during viva.. gm,gn,ge,gnt:-)"
invalid	"life is more strict than teacher... bcoz teacher teaches lesson &amp; then conducts exam, but life first conducts exam &amp; then teaches lessons. happy morning. . ."
invalid	im late tellmiss im on my way
invalid	yoyyooo u know how to change permissions for a drive in mac. my usb flash drive
invalid	do u noe how 2 send files between 2 computers?
valid	you have won a nokia 7250i. this is what you get when you win our free auction. to take part send nokia to 86021 now. hg/suite342/2lands row/w1jhl 16+
invalid	ü predict wat time ü'll finish buying?
invalid	rofl betta invest in some  anti aging products
invalid	i want to send something that can sell fast.  &lt;#&gt; k is not easy money.
valid	"you are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! to find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000928. pobox45w2tg150p"
invalid	lol wtf random. btw is that your lunch break
invalid	i've reached home n i bathe liao... u can call me now...
invalid	i not at home now lei...
invalid	leave it wif me lar... ü wan to carry meh so heavy... is da num 98321561 familiar to ü?
invalid	so what do you guys do.
invalid	"no idea, i guess we'll work that out an hour after we're supposed to leave since as usual nobody has any interest in figuring shit out before the last second"
invalid	are you angry with me. what happen dear
invalid	ugh hopefully the asus ppl dont randomly do a reformat.
invalid	for my family happiness..
valid	"u r subscribed 2 textcomp 250 wkly comp. 1st wk?s free question follows, subsequent wks charged@150p/msg.2 unsubscribe txt stop 2 84128,custcare 08712405020"
valid	free ring tone just text polys to 87131. then every week get a new tone. 0870737910216yrs only £1.50/wk.
valid	ur awarded a city break and could win a £200 summer shopping spree every wk. txt store to 88039.skilgme.tscs087147403231winawk!age16+£1.50perwksub
invalid	ball is moving a lot.will spin in last :)so very difficult to bat:)
invalid	no prob. i will send to your email.
invalid	so is th gower mate which is where i am!?! how r u man? all is good in wales ill b back ‘morrow. c u this wk? who was the msg 4? – random!
invalid	nooooooo i'm gonna be bored to death all day. cable and internet outage.
invalid	no. i.ll meet you in the library
invalid	got it..mail panren paru..
invalid	pleassssssseeeeee tel me v avent done sportsx
invalid	"nothing much, chillin at home. any super bowl plan?"
invalid	also track down any lighters you can find
invalid	v-aluable. a-ffectionate. l-oveable. e-ternal. n-oble. t-ruthful. i-ntimate. n-atural. e-namous. happy valentines day in advance
invalid	"'wnevr i wana fal in luv vth my books, my bed fals in luv vth me..!'' . yen madodu, nav pretsorginta, nammanna pretsovru important alwa....!!:) gud eveb-)."
invalid	hi juan. im coming home on fri hey. of course i expect a welcome party and lots of presents. ill phone u when i get back. loads of love nicky x x x x x x x x x
invalid	"it doesnt make sense to take it there unless its free. if you need to know more, wikipedia.com"
invalid	me hungry buy some food good lei... but mum n yun dun wan juz buy a little bit...
invalid	"hiya, sorry didn't hav signal. i haven't seen or heard from and neither has, which is unusual in itself! i'll put on the case and get him to sort it out! hugs and snogs."
invalid	"save yourself the stress. if the person has a dorm account, just send your account details and the money will be sent to you."
invalid	not from this campus. are you in the library?
invalid	if you're thinking of lifting me one then no.
invalid	true. its easier with her here.
invalid	are u awake? is there snow there?
invalid	ummmmmaah many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. happy birthday dear
valid	"mila, age23, blonde, new in uk. i look sex with uk guys. if u like fun with me. text mtalk to 69866.18 . 30pp/txt 1st 5free. £1.50 increments. help08718728876"
valid	"double mins and txts 4 6months free bluetooth on orange. available on sony, nokia motorola phones. call mobileupd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/n9dx"
invalid	if u dun drive then how i go 2 sch.
invalid	i'm done...
invalid	lol! nah wasn't too bad thanks. its good to b home but its been quite a reality check. hows ur day been? did u do anything with website?
invalid	lil fever:) now fine:)
invalid	it means u could not keep ur words.
valid	txt: call to no: 86888 & claim your reward of 3 hours talk time to use from your phone now! subscribe6gbp/mnth inc 3hrs 16 stop?txtstop www.gamb.tv
invalid	you are a big chic. common. declare
invalid	lmao ok i wont be needing u to do my hair anymore.
invalid	i.ll post her out l8r. in class
invalid	wishing you a beautiful day. each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. do enjoy it.
invalid	nite nite pocay wocay luv u more than n e thing 4eva i promise ring u 2morrowxxxx
invalid	yup i'm elaborating on the safety aspects and some other issues..
invalid	hey so this sat are we going for the intro pilates only? or the kickboxing too?
invalid	"new theory: argument wins d situation, but loses the person. so dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, i'm always correct.!"
invalid	hey sexy buns! what of that day? no word from you this morning on ym ... :-( ... i think of you
valid	loans for any purpose even if you have bad credit! tenants welcome. call noworriesloans.com on 08717111821
invalid	yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
invalid	alrite jod hows the revision goin? keris bin doin a smidgin. n e way u wanna cum over after college?xx
invalid	what r u cooking me for dinner?
invalid	hi babe u r most likely to be in bed but im so sorry about tonight! i really wanna see u tomorrow so call me at 9. love me xxx
valid	"dear voucher holder, to claim this weeks offer, at your pc please go to http://www.wtlp.co.uk/text. ts&cs apply."
invalid	"yep, by the pretty sculpture"
invalid	hi darlin its kate are u up for doin somethin tonight? im going to a pub called the swan or something with my parents for one drink so phone me if u can
invalid	i'm at home. please call
invalid	i didn't get the second half of that message
invalid	am up to my eyes in philosophy
invalid	u coming back 4 dinner rite? dad ask me so i re confirm wif u...
valid	"urgent! your mobile no. was awarded £2000 bonus caller prize on 5/9/03 this is our final try to contact u! call from landline 09064019788 box42wr29c, 150ppm"
invalid	get ready for  &lt;#&gt;  inches of pleasure...
invalid	'an amazing quote'' - sometimes in life its difficult to decide whats wrong!! a lie that brings a smile or the truth that brings a tear....
invalid	babe !!! i miiiiiiissssssssss you ! i need you !!! i crave you !!! :-( ... geeee ... i'm so sad without you babe ... i love you ...
invalid	university of southern california.
invalid	i am on the way to ur home
invalid	hey do you want anything to buy:)
invalid	i'm serious. you are in the money base
invalid	", ow u dey.i paid 60,400thousad.i told  u would call ."
invalid	"good evening sir, hope you are having a nice day. i wanted to bring it to your notice that i have been late in paying rent for the past few months and have had to pay a $ &lt;#&gt;  charge. i felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. i however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. can you please help. thank you for everything."
invalid	"hello. no news on job, they are making me wait a fifth week! yeah im up for some woozles and weasels... in exeter still, but be home about 3."
invalid	was actually sleeping and still might when u call back. so a text is gr8. you rock sis. will send u a text wen i wake.
invalid	do u want 2 meet up 2morro
invalid	when are you guys leaving?
invalid	"i got another job! the one at the hospital doing data analysis or something, starts on monday! not sure when my thesis will got finished"
invalid	sad story of a man - last week was my b'day. my wife did'nt wish me. my parents forgot n so did my kids . i went to work. even my colleagues did not wish.
invalid	get me out of this dump heap. my mom decided to come to lowes. boring.
invalid	"ha. you don‘t know either. i did a a clever but simple thing with pears the other day, perfect for christmas."
invalid	well you told others you'd marry them...
invalid	and you! will expect you whenever you text! hope all goes well tomo
invalid	have you had a good day? mine was really busy are you up to much tomorrow night?
valid	urgent please call 09066612661 from landline. £5000 cash or a luxury 4* canary islands holiday await collection. t&cs sae award. 20m12aq. 150ppm. 16+ “
invalid	me too watching surya movie only. . .after 6 pm vijay movie pokkiri
invalid	at home by the way
invalid	hey so whats the plan this sat?
invalid	those were my exact intentions
invalid	hey mr  and i are going to the sea view and having a couple of gays i mean games! give me a bell when ya finish
invalid	r we going with the  &lt;#&gt;  bus?
invalid	"i have 2 sleeping bags, 1 blanket and paper and  phone details. anything else?"
invalid	still in the area of the restaurant. ill try to come back soon
invalid	thanx a lot...
invalid	i'm in a movie. call me 4 wat?
invalid	should i buy him a blackberry bold 2 or torch. should i buy him new or used. let me know. plus are you saying i should buy the  &lt;#&gt; g wifi ipad. and what are you saying about the about the  &lt;#&gt; g?
valid	want 2 get laid tonight? want real dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob? join the uk's largest dogging network bt txting gravel to 69888! nt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
valid	important information 4 orange user 0796xxxxxx. today is ur lucky day!2 find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com there's a fantastic prizeawaiting you!
invalid	we took hooch for a walk toaday and i fell over! splat! grazed my knees and everything! should have stayed at home! see you tomorrow!
valid	had your mobile 10 mths? update to latest orange camera/video phones for free. save £s with free texts/weekend calls. text yes for a callback orno to opt out
invalid	"swhrt how u dey,hope ur ok, tot about u 2day.love n miss.take care."
invalid	ü bot notes oredi... cos i juz rem i got...
invalid	"well the general price is  &lt;#&gt; /oz, let me know if/when/how much you want"
invalid	"funny fact nobody teaches volcanoes 2 erupt, tsunamis 2 arise, hurricanes 2 sway aroundn no 1 teaches hw 2 choose a wife natural disasters just happens"
invalid	are you this much buzy
invalid	i know she called me
invalid	tiwary to rcb.battle between bang and kochi.
invalid	"well done, blimey, exercise, yeah, i kinda remember wot that is, hmm."
invalid	"solve d case : a man was found murdered on  &lt;decimal&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  afternoon. 1,his wife called police. 2,police questioned everyone. 3,wife: sir,i was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.cook: i was cooking. 5.gardener: i was picking vegetables. 6.house-maid: i went 2 d post office. 7.children: we went 2 play. 8.neighbour: we went 2 a marriage. police arrested d murderer immediately. who's it? reply with reason, if u r brilliant."
invalid	he dint tell anything. he is angry on me that why you told to abi.
invalid	its a big difference.  &lt;#&gt;  versus  &lt;#&gt;  every  &lt;#&gt; hrs
invalid	ever green quote ever told by jerry in cartoon a person who irritates u always is the one who loves u vry much but fails to express it...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt
invalid	me 2 babe i feel the same lets just 4get about it+both try +cheer up+not fit soo muchxxlove u locaxx
invalid	she left it very vague. she just said she would inform the person in accounting about the delayed rent and that i should discuss with the housing agency about my renting another place. but checking online now and all places around usc are  &lt;#&gt;  and up
valid	ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send go to 86688 only 150p/msg. cc: 08718720201 po box 114/14 tcr/w1
invalid	yes i think so. i am in office but my lap is in room i think thats on for the last few days. i didnt shut that down
invalid	then its most likely called mittelschmertz. google it. if you dont have paracetamol dont worry it will go.
invalid	how are you holding up?
invalid	ok no prob
invalid	cheers for the message zogtorius. i’ve been staring at my phone for an age deciding whether to text or not.
valid	welcome! please reply with your age and gender to begin. e.g 24m
invalid	alrite hunny!wot u up 2 2nite? didnt end up goin down town jus da pub instead! jus chillin at da mo in me bedroom!love jen xxx.
invalid	do you know when the result.
invalid	my darling sister. how are you doing. when's school resuming. is there a minimum wait period before you reapply? do take care
invalid	sending you greetings of joy and happiness. do have a gr8 evening
invalid	i dunno until when... lets go learn pilates...
invalid	in other news after hassling me to get him weed for a week andres has no money. haughaighgtujhyguj
invalid	"yeah there's barely enough room for the two of us, x has too many fucking shoes. sorry man, see you later"
invalid	thanks for the temales it was wonderful. thank. have a great week.
invalid	i was at bugis juz now wat... but now i'm walking home oredi... ü so late then reply... i oso saw a top dat i like but din buy... where r ü now?
invalid	o ic lol. should play 9 doors sometime yo
invalid	shant disturb u anymore... jia you...
invalid	hows the pain dear?y r u smiling?
valid	freemsg today's the day if you are ready! i'm horny & live in your town. i love sex fun & games! netcollex ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply stop to end
invalid	"haha awesome, i've been to 4u a couple times. who all's coming?"
invalid	"it,,s a taxt massage....tie-pos argh ok! lool!"
invalid	"good afternon, my love. how are today? i hope your good and maybe have some interviews. i wake and miss you babe. a passionate kiss from across the sea"
invalid	hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. so pls buy food.
valid	guess what! somebody you know secretly fancies you! wanna find out who it is? give us a call on 09065394973 from landline datebox1282essexcm61xn 150p/min 18
invalid	its like that hotel dusk game i think. you solve puzzles in a area thing
invalid	i am in a marriage function
valid	"bored of speed dating? try speedchat, txt speedchat to 80155, if you don't like em txt swap and get a new chatter! chat80155 pobox36504w45wq 150p/msg rcd 16"
valid	free 1st week entry 2 textpod 4 a chance 2 win 40gb ipod or £250 cash every wk. txt vpod to 81303 ts&cs www.textpod.net custcare 08712405020.
valid	"bears pic nick, and tom, pete and ... dick. in fact, all types try gay chat with photo upload call 08718730666 (10p/min). 2 stop texts call 08712460324"
valid	"hi, this is mandy sullivan calling from hotmix fm...you are chosen to receive £5000.00 in our easter prize draw.....please telephone 09041940223 to claim before 29/03/05 or your prize will be transferred to someone else...."
invalid	i know you are. can you pls open the back?
invalid	oh god. i'm gonna google nearby cliffs now.
invalid	did u turn on the heater? the heater was on and set to &lt;#&gt; degrees.
valid	you have 1 new voicemail. please call 08719181513.
invalid	"this is one of the days you have a billion classes, right?"
valid	this is the 2nd time we have tried to contact u. u have won the £1450 prize to claim just call 09053750005 b4 310303. t&cs/stop sms 08718725756. 140ppm
invalid	shall i ask one thing if you dont mistake me.
invalid	lol your always so convincing.
valid	"this is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. u have won the £750 pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 087187272008 now1! only 10p per minute. bt-national-rate."
invalid	pls dont forget to study
valid	"urgent! you have won a 1 week free membership in our £100,000 prize jackpot! txt the word: claim to no: 81010 t&c www.dbuk.net lccltd pobox 4403ldnw1a7rw18"
valid	our records indicate u maybe entitled to 5000 pounds in compensation for the accident you had. to claim 4 free reply with claim to this msg. 2 stop txt stop
invalid	thats cool. how was your day?
invalid	hmm yeah if your not too grooved out! and im looking forward to my pound special :)
invalid	lol where do u come up with these ideas?
invalid	your account has been refilled successfully by inr  &lt;decimal&gt; . your keralacircle prepaid account balance is rs  &lt;decimal&gt; . your transaction id is kr &lt;#&gt; .
invalid	this phone has the weirdest auto correct.
valid	urgent! we are trying to contact u. todays draw shows that you have won a £2000 prize guaranteed. call 09058094507 from land line. claim 3030. valid 12hrs only
valid	"auction round 4. the highest bid is now £54. next maximum bid is £71. to bid, send bids e. g. 10 (to bid £10) to 83383. good luck."
invalid	i'll be at mu in like  &lt;#&gt;  seconds
invalid	have a great trip to india. and bring the light to everyone not just with the project but with everyone that is lucky to see you smile. bye. abiola
invalid	i am in tirupur.  call you da.
invalid	"just wondering, the others just took off"
invalid	yup having my lunch buffet now.. u eat already?
invalid	ok i thk i got it. then u wan me 2 come now or wat?
valid	please call 08712402779 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
invalid	as if i wasn't having enough trouble sleeping.
invalid	good afternoon my boytoy. how goes that walking here and there day ? did you get that police abstract? are you still out and about? i wake and miss you babe
invalid	desires- u going to doctor 4 liver. and get a bit stylish. get ur hair managed. thats it.
invalid	actually i decided i was too hungry so i haven't left yet :v
invalid	i'm really not up to it still tonight babe
valid	get a brand new mobile phone by being an agent of the mob! plus loads more goodies! for more info just text mat to 87021.
invalid	quite lor. but dun tell him wait he get complacent...
invalid	check audrey's status right now
invalid	"oh... i was thkin of goin yogasana at 10 den no nd to go at 3 den can rush to parco 4 nb... okie lor, u call me when ready..."
invalid	any pain on urination any thing else?
invalid	"babe! i fucking love you too !! you know? fuck it was so good to hear your voice. i so need that. i crave it. i can't get enough. i adore you, ahmad *kisses*"
invalid	can a not?
invalid	surly ill give it to you:-) while coming to review.
invalid	"okay. no no, just shining on. that was meant to be signing, but that sounds better."
invalid	"mmmmm ... it was sooooo good to wake to your words this morning, my love!! mmmm fuck ... i love you too, my lion ... *devouring kiss from across the sea*"
invalid	i'm on my way home. went to change batt 4 my watch then go shop a bit lor.
invalid	"g says you never answer your texts, confirm/deny"
invalid	"good afternoon, my love ... how goes your day ? how did you sleep ? i hope your well, my boytoy ... i think of you ..."
invalid	"sure, if i get an acknowledgement from you that it's astoundingly tactless and generally faggy to demand a blood oath fo"
invalid	where can download clear movies. dvd copies.
invalid	thank you princess! i want to see your nice juicy booty...
invalid	hai ana tomarrow am coming on morning.  &lt;decimal&gt;  ill be there in sathy then we ll go to rto office. reply me after came to home.
invalid	do you hide anythiing or keeping distance from me
invalid	i want  &lt;#&gt;  rs da:)do you have it?
invalid	"oh, i will get paid. the most outstanding one is for a commercial i did for hasbro...in august! they made us jump through so many hoops to get paid. still not."
invalid	did u got that persons story
invalid	"party's at my place at usf, no charge (but if you can contribute in any way it is greatly appreciated) and yeah, we got room for one more"
invalid	lolnice. i went from a fish to ..water.?
invalid	i will see in half an hour
valid	3. you have received your mobile content. enjoy
invalid	645
invalid	"god asked, what is forgiveness? a little child gave lovely reply, it is d wonderful fruit that a tree gives when it is being hurt by a stone.. good night......"
valid	urgent! we are trying to contact u. todays draw shows that you have won a £800 prize guaranteed. call 09050001808 from land line. claim m95. valid12hrs only
invalid	shall i come to get pickle
invalid	"i don't have anybody's number, i still haven't thought up a tactful way to ask alex"
invalid	"yeah there's quite a bit left, i'll swing by tomorrow when i get up"
invalid	sorry i din lock my keypad.
invalid	"sorry brah, just finished the last of my exams, what up"
invalid	lara said she can loan me  &lt;#&gt; .
invalid	i take it the post has come then! you must have 1000s of texts now! happy reading. my one from wiv hello caroline at the end is my favourite. bless him
invalid	thank you. i like you as well...
invalid	thanks for ve lovely wisheds. you rock
invalid	"solve d case : a man was found murdered on  &lt;decimal&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  afternoon. 1,his wife called police. 2,police questioned everyone. 3,wife: sir,i was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.cook: i was cooking. 5.gardener: i was picking vegetables. 6.house-maid: i went 2 d post office. 7.children: we went 2 play. 8.neighbour: we went 2 a marriage. police arrested d murderer immediately. who's it? reply with reason, if u r brilliant."
invalid	oh...i asked for fun. haha...take care. ü
valid	ur going 2 bainvalidas! callfreefone 08081560665 and speak to a live operator to claim either bainvalidas cruise of£2000 cash 18+only. to opt out txt x to 07786200117
invalid	i'm hungry buy smth home...
valid	+123 congratulations - in this week's competition draw u have won the £1450 prize to claim just call 09050002311 b4280703. t&cs/stop sms 08718727868. over 18 only 150ppm
valid	"urgent! please call 0906346330. your abta complimentary 4* spanish holiday or £10,000 cash await collection sae t&cs box 47 po19 2ez 150ppm 18+"
invalid	you need to get up. now.
invalid	"no dude, its not fake..my frnds got money, thts y i'm reffering u..if u member wit my mail link, u vl be credited  &lt;#&gt; rs and il be getiing  &lt;#&gt; rs..i can draw my acc wen it is  &lt;#&gt; rs.."
invalid	"i am real, baby! i want to bring out your inner tigress..."
invalid	"sweetheart, hope you are not having that kind of day! have one with loads of reasons to smile. biola"
invalid	uncle boye. i need movies oh. guide me. plus you know torrents are not particularly legal here. and the system is slowing down. what should i do. have a gr8 day. plus have you started cos i dont meet you online. how was the honey moon.
invalid	hello hun how ru? its here by the way. im good. been on 2 dates with that guy i met in walkabout so far. we have to meet up soon. hows everyone else?
invalid	i had it already..sabarish asked me to go..
invalid	good morning princess! how are you?
invalid	xy trying smth now. u eat already? we havent...
invalid	this is a long fuckin showr
invalid	wait 2 min..stand at bus stop
invalid	"sorry, i can't help you on this."
invalid	"honey, can you pls find out how much they sell predicte in nigeria. and how many times can it be used. its very important to have a reply before monday"
invalid	joy's father is john. then john is the name of joy's father. mandan
invalid	they released vday shirts and when u put it on it makes your bottom half naked instead of those white underwear.
invalid	whatsup there. dont u want to sleep
valid	yes! the only place in town to meet exciting adult singles is now in the uk. txt chat to 86688 now! 150p/msg.
invalid	that sucks. i'll go over so u can do my hair. you'll do it free right?
invalid	hey you around? i've got enough for a half + the ten i owe you
invalid	"hello baby, did you get back to your mom's ? are you setting up the computer now ? filling your belly ? how goes it loverboy ? i miss you already ... *sighs*"
invalid	ok. she'll be ok. i guess
valid	hope you enjoyed your new content. text stop to 61610 to unsubscribe. help:08712400602450p provided by tones2you.co.uk
invalid	sun ah... thk mayb can if dun have anythin on... thk have to book e lesson... e pilates is at orchard mrt u noe hor...
invalid	noice. text me when you're here
valid	call germany for only 1 pence per minute! call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. no prepayment. direct access! www.telediscount.co.uk
valid	"win the newest “harry potter and the order of the phoenix (book 5) reply harry, answer 5 questions - chance to be the first among readers!"
invalid	did u see what i posted on your facebook?
valid	camera - you are awarded a sipix digital camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. delivery within 28 days.
valid	"congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! c suprman v, matrix3, starwars3, etc all 4 free! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. dont miss out!"
valid	2/2 146tf150p
invalid	please attend the phone:)
valid	"had your mobile 10 mths? update to the latest camera/video phones for free. keep ur same number, get extra free mins/texts. text yes for a call"
invalid	love that holiday monday feeling even if i have to go to the dentists in an hour
invalid	realy sorry-i don't recognise this number and am now confused :) who r u please?!
invalid	all boys made fun of me today. ok i have no problem. i just sent one message just for fun
invalid	nothin comes to my mind. ü help me buy hanger lor. ur laptop not heavy?
invalid	armand says get your ass over to epsilon
invalid	you should get more chicken broth if you want ramen unless there's some i don't know about
invalid	i havent lei.. next mon can?
invalid	when i have stuff to sell i.ll tell you
invalid	am only searching for good dual sim mobile pa.
invalid	will purchase d stuff today and mail to you. do you have a po box number?
invalid	ok i shall talk to him
invalid	cool. we will have fun practicing making babies!
invalid	nothing will ever be easy. but don't be looking for a reason not to take a risk on life and love
invalid	dont know you bring some food
invalid	"sir, i have been late in paying rent for the past few months and had to pay a $ &lt;#&gt;  charge. i felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. i however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. can you please help. thanks"
invalid	weightloss! no more girl friends. make loads of money on ebay or something. and give thanks to god.
invalid	where are you?when wil you reach here?
invalid	no dear i was sleeping :-p
invalid	"aight that'll work, thanks"
invalid	"oh, then your phone phoned me but it disconnected"
invalid	his frens go then he in lor. not alone wif my mum n sis lor.
invalid	"i'm eatin now lor, but goin back to work soon... e mountain deer show huh... i watch b4 liao, very nice..."
invalid	hi darlin i hope you had a nice night i wish i had come cant wait to see you love fran ps i want dirty anal sex and i want a 10 man gang bang
invalid	i could ask carlos if we could get more if anybody else can chip in
invalid	it should take about  &lt;#&gt;  min
invalid	hey hun-onbus goin 2 meet him. he wants 2go out 4a meal but i donyt feel like it cuz have 2 get last bus home!but hes sweet latelyxxx
invalid	oh k :)why you got job then whats up?
invalid	"jolly good! by the way,  will give u tickets for sat eve 7.30. speak before then x"
invalid	"hello, my boytoy! i made it home and my constant thought is of you, my love. i hope your having a nice visit but i can't wait till you come home to me ...*kiss*"
invalid	no * am working on the ringing u thing but have whole houseful of screaming brats so * am pulling my hair out! loving u
invalid	cause i'm not freaky lol
invalid	now? i'm going out 4 dinner soon..
invalid	i might go 2 sch. yar at e salon now v boring.
invalid	"a few people are at the game, i'm at the mall with iouri and kaila"
invalid	is there a reason we've not spoken this year? anyways have a great week and all the best in your exam
invalid	hiya hows it going in sunny africa? hope u r avin a good time. give that big old silver back a big kiss from me.
invalid	gran onlyfound out afew days ago.cusoon honi
invalid	hi good mornin.. thanku wish u d same..
invalid	feb  &lt;#&gt;  is i love u day. send dis to all ur valued frnds evn me. if 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! if u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 evr
invalid	nokia phone is lovly..
invalid	what's the significance?
invalid	"sometimes we put walls around our hearts,not just to be safe from getting hurt.. but to find out who cares enough to break the walls &amp; get closer.. goodnoon:)"
invalid	new car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
invalid	"moon has come to color your dreams, stars to make them musical and my sms to give you warm and peaceful sleep. good night"
invalid	ding me on ya break fassyole! blacko from londn
invalid	"playin space poker, u?"
valid	text & meet someone sexy today. u can find a date or even flirt its up to u. join 4 just 10p. reply with name & age eg sam 25. 18 -msg recd@thirtyeight pence
invalid	i think just yourself …thanks and see you tomo
invalid	hey gals...u all wanna meet 4 dinner at nìte?
invalid	fffff. can you text kadeem or are you too far gone
invalid	me i'm not workin. once i get job...
invalid	can not use foreign stamps in this country.
invalid	no:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
invalid	it is a good thing i'm now getting the connection to bw
invalid	"call me when you/carlos is/are here, my phone's vibrate is acting up and i might not hear texts"
invalid	"not yet chikku..k, then wat abt tht guy did he stopped irritating or msging to u.."
invalid	yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
invalid	i luv u soo much u don’t understand how special u r 2 me ring u 2morrow luv u xxx
valid	08714712388 between 10am-7pm cost 10p
invalid	is ur paper in e morn or aft tmr?
invalid	k tell me anything about you.
invalid	"erm … ill pick you up at about 6.45pm. that'll give enough time to get there, park and that."
invalid	i want to sent  &lt;#&gt; mesages today. thats y. sorry if i hurts
invalid	howz pain.it will come down today.do as i said ystrday.ice and medicine.
invalid	"oh yes, why is it like torture watching england?"
invalid	i.ll give her once i have it. plus she said grinule greet you whenever we speak
invalid	i'm in office now da:)where are you?
invalid	fyi i'm gonna call you sporadically starting at like  &lt;#&gt;  bc we are not not doin this shit
invalid	"i'm taking derek &amp; taylor to walmart, if i'm not back by the time you're done just leave the mouse on my desk and i'll text you when priscilla's ready"
invalid	haha... yup hopefully  we will lose a few kg by mon. after hip hop can go orchard and weigh again
invalid	stupid.its not possible
invalid	"sorry da thangam, very very sorry i am held up with prasad."
invalid	hi. i'm sorry i missed your call. can you pls call back.
invalid	yes! how is a pretty lady like you single?
invalid	thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
invalid	ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. he said will cut until i look nice.
invalid	i am late. i will be there at
invalid	hey now am free you can call me.
invalid	hope you are not scared!
invalid	7 wonders in my world 7th you 6th ur style 5th ur smile 4th ur personality 3rd ur nature 2nd ur sms and 1st ur lovely friendship... good morning dear
invalid	jus telling u dat i'll b leaving 4 shanghai on 21st instead so we'll haf more time 2 meet up cya...
invalid	that means get the door
valid	"mila, age23, blonde, new in uk. i look sex with uk guys. if u like fun with me. text mtalk to 69866.18 . 30pp/txt 1st 5free. £1.50 increments. help08718728876"
invalid	"gal n boy walking in d park. gal-can i hold ur hand? boy-y? do u think i would run away? gal-no, jst wana c how it feels walking in heaven with an prince..gn:-)"
invalid	"nah can't help you there, i've never had an iphone"
invalid	then u drive lor.
invalid	i went to project centre
invalid	no message..no responce..what happend?
invalid	lmao where's your fish memory when i need it?
invalid	mmmm.... i cant wait to lick it!
invalid	my uncles in atlanta. wish you guys a great semester.
invalid	glad to see your reply.
invalid	u still painting ur wall?
invalid	what time do u get out?
invalid	"madam,regret disturbance.might receive a reference check from dlf premarica.kindly be informed.rgds,rakhesh,kerala."
invalid	hey what's up charles sorry about the late reply.
invalid	dont kick coco when he's down
invalid	"hello, yeah i've just got out of the bath and need to do my hair so i'll come up when i'm done, yeah?"
invalid	cbe is really good nowadays:)lot of shop and showrooms:)city is shaping good.
invalid	"k, text me when you're on the way"
invalid	"a bit of ur smile is my hppnss, a drop of ur tear is my sorrow, a part of ur heart is my life, a heart like mine wil care for u, forevr as my goodfriend"
invalid	now press conference da:)
invalid	i think steyn surely get one wicket:)
invalid	hmmm.but you should give it on one day..
valid	do you want a new nokia 3510i colour phone deliveredtomorrow? with 300 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free texts + free camcorder reply or call 08000930705
invalid	"k, jason says he's gonna be around so i'll be up there around  &lt;#&gt;"
invalid	"i call you later, don't have network. if urgnt, sms me."
invalid	staff.science.nus.edu.sg/~phyhcmk/teaching/pc1323
invalid	okie
invalid	unlimited texts. limited minutes.
invalid	are you planning to come chennai?
valid	"latest news! police station toilet stolen, cops have nothing to go on!"
invalid	what's your room number again? wanna make sure i'm knocking on the right door
invalid	huh so late... fr dinner?
valid	"thanks for your ringtone order, reference number x29. your mobile will be charged 4.50. should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989180"
valid	"urgent! your mobile no 07xxxxxxxxx won a £2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/06/03! this is the 2nd attempt to reach you! call 09066362231 asap! box97n7qp, 150ppm"
invalid	this weekend is fine (an excuse not to do too much decorating)
valid	you are chosen to receive a £350 award! pls call claim number 09066364311 to collect your award which you are selected to receive as a valued mobile customer.
invalid	i thought we were doing a king of the hill thing there.
invalid	"hiya , have u been paying money into my account? if so, thanks. got a pleasant surprise when i checked my balance -u c, i don't get statements 4 that acc"
invalid	we have pizza if u want
invalid	;-) ok. i feel like john lennon.
invalid	am watching house – very entertaining – am getting the whole hugh laurie thing – even with the stick – indeed especially with the stick.
invalid	as per your request 'maangalyam (alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all callers. press *9 to copy your friends callertune
invalid	i have printed it oh. so  &lt;#&gt;  come upstairs
invalid	slept? i thinkthis time ( &lt;#&gt;  pm) is not dangerous
invalid	u definitely need a module from e humanities dis sem izzit? u wan 2 take other modules 1st?
invalid	ok ill tell the company
invalid	i want to sent  &lt;#&gt; mesages today. thats y. sorry if i hurts
invalid	"the world is running and i am still.maybe all are feeling the same,so be it.or i have to admit,i am mad.then where is the correction?or let me call this is life.and keep running with the world,may be u r also running.lets run."
invalid	true lov n care wil nevr go unrecognized. though somone often makes mistakes when valuing it. but they will definitly undrstnd once when they start missing it.
invalid	"how's my loverboy doing ? what does he do that keeps him from coming to his queen, hmmm ? doesn't he ache to speak to me ? miss me desparately ?"
invalid	"sorry, went to bed early, nightnight"
invalid	"sounds good, keep me posted"
invalid	got it. seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml – hope ok.
invalid	i don't run away frm u... i walk slowly &amp; it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
invalid	so how many days since then?
invalid	smith waste da.i wanna gayle.
invalid	"chile, please! it's only a  &lt;decimal&gt;  hour drive for me. i come down all the time and will be subletting feb-april for audition season."
invalid	"i got arrested for possession at, i shit you not,  &lt;time&gt;  pm"
invalid	i don know account details..i will ask my mom and send you.my mom is out of reach now.
invalid	ranjith cal drpd deeraj and deepak 5min hold
invalid	i got a call from a landline number. . . i am asked to come to anna nagar . . . i will go in the afternoon
invalid	she.s good. she was wondering if you wont say hi but she.s smiling now. so how are you coping with the long distance
valid	* free* polyphonic ringtone text super to 87131 to get your free poly tone of the week now! 16 sn pobox202 nr31 7zs subscription 450pw
invalid	k.k:)apo k.good movie.
invalid	what happen dear tell me
invalid	oh yah... we never cancel leh... haha
invalid	you sure your neighbors didnt pick it up
invalid	"that's cool he'll be here all night, lemme know when you're around"
invalid	"he will, you guys close?"
valid	dear dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* tenerife holiday or #5000 cash award! call 09061743806 from landline. tcs sae box326 cw25wx 150ppm
invalid	can you plz tell me the ans. bslvyl sent via fullonsms.com
invalid	"it wont b until 2.15 as trying 2 sort house out, is that ok?"
invalid	great escape. i fancy the bridge but needs her lager. see you tomo
invalid	must come later.. i normally bathe him in da afternoon mah..
invalid	was gr8 to see that message. so when r u leaving? congrats dear. what school and wat r ur plans.
invalid	"sorry, i'll call later"
valid	i don't know u and u don't know me. send chat to 86688 now and let's find each other! only 150p/msg rcvd. hg/suite342/2lands/row/w1j6hl ldn. 18 years or over.
invalid	ok...
valid	"free ringtone text first to 87131 for a poly or text get to 87131 for a true tone! help? 0845 2814032 16 after 1st free, tones are 3x£150pw to e£nd txt stop"
valid	you have won a guaranteed £200 award or even £1000 cashto claim ur award call free on 08000407165 (18+) 2 stop getstop on 88222 php. rg21 4jx
invalid	"k, wat s tht incident?"
invalid	yes baby! we can study all the positions of the kama sutra ;)
invalid	hi da:)how is the todays class?
invalid	"pete,is this your phone still? its jenny from college and leanne.what are you up to now?:)"
invalid	wot u up 2? thout u were gonna call me!! txt bak luv k
invalid	you didn't have to tell me that...now i'm thinking. plus he's going to stop all your runs
invalid	i donno its in your genes or something
invalid	ü dun need to pick ur gf?
invalid	y de asking like this.
invalid	only saturday and sunday holiday so its very difficult:)
invalid	"i can make it up there, squeezed  &lt;#&gt;  bucks out of my dad"
invalid	u gd lor go shopping i got stuff to do. u wan 2 watch infernal affairs a not? come lar...
invalid	hello. damn this christmas thing. i think i have decided to keep this mp3 that doesnt work.
invalid	y ü wan to go there? c doctor?
invalid	well obviously not because all the people in my cool college life went home ;_;
valid	our brand new mobile music service is now live. the free music player will arrive shortly. just install on your phone to browse content from the top artists.
invalid	do we have any spare power supplies
invalid	i'm sick !! i'm needy !! i want you !! *pouts* *stomps feet* where are you ?! *pouts* *stomps feet* i want my slave !! i want him now !!
invalid	some of them told accenture is not confirm. is it true.
invalid	yes.i'm in office da:)
invalid	i am taking you for italian food. how about a pretty dress with no panties? :)
invalid	lol yeah at this point i guess not
invalid	"i just got home babe, are you still awake ?"
invalid	normally i use to drink more water daily:)
invalid	aiyar sorry lor forgot 2 tell u...
invalid	"can i please come up now imin town.dontmatter if urgoin outl8r,just reallyneed 2docd.please dontplease dontignore mycalls,u no thecd isv.important tome 4 2moro"
invalid	so do you have samus shoulders yet
valid	"call 09094100151 to use ur mins! calls cast 10p/min (mob vary). service provided by aom, just gbp5/month. aom box61,m60 1er until u stop. ages 18+ only!"
invalid	hi. hope you had a good day. have a better night.
invalid	it so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. she can come and ill get her medical insurance. and she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. i'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. so just give me til friday morning. thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
invalid	do have a nice day today. i love you so dearly.
invalid	but we havent got da topic yet rite?
invalid	lol ok your forgiven :)
invalid	done it but internet connection v slow and can‘t send it. will try again later or first thing tomo.
invalid	i need details about that online job.
invalid	at home also.
invalid	alright. thanks for the advice. enjoy your night out. i'ma try to get some sleep...
invalid	wat u doing there?
valid	"double mins & 1000 txts on orange tariffs. latest motorola, sonyericsson & nokia with bluetooth free! call mobileupd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/hf8"
invalid	but i'll b going 2 sch on mon. my sis need 2 take smth.
invalid	"awesome, plan to get here any time after like  &lt;#&gt; , i'll text you details in a wee bit"
invalid	ok i go change also...
invalid	so no messages. had food?
valid	"romantic paris. 2 nights, 2 flights from £79 book now 4 next year. call 08704439680ts&cs apply."
invalid	erm. i thought the contract ran out the4th of october.
valid	eastenders tv quiz. what flower does dot compare herself to? d= violet e= tulip f= lily txt d e or f to 84025 now 4 chance 2 win £100 cash wkent/150p16+
invalid	excellent! are you ready to moan and scream in ecstasy?
valid	sunshine quiz wkly q! win a top sony dvd player if u know which country the algarve is in? txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 sp:tyrone
invalid	honey boo i'm missing u.
valid	ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send collect to 83600 only 150p/msg. cc: 08718720201 po box 114/14 tcr/w1
invalid	two teams waiting for some players
invalid	"arms fine, how's cardiff and uni?"
invalid	"good afternoon, babe. how goes that day ? any job prospects yet ? i miss you, my love ... *sighs* ... :-("
invalid	also remember the beads don't come off. ever.
invalid	i wan but too early lei... me outside now wun b home so early... neva mind then...
valid	you have 1 new message. please call 08718738034.
valid	"you can stop further club tones by replying stop mix see my-tone.com/enjoy. html for terms. club tones cost gbp4.50/week. mfl, po box 1146 mk45 2wt (2/3)"
invalid	"i'm there and i can see you, but you can't see me ? maybe you should reboot ym ? i seen the buzz"
valid	you have won a nokia 7250i. this is what you get when you win our free auction. to take part send nokia to 86021 now. hg/suite342/2lands row/w1jhl 16+
invalid	prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
invalid	package all your programs well
invalid	how did you find out in a way that didn't include all of these details
invalid	i've told you everything will stop. just dont let her get dehydrated.
invalid	"sorry, i'll call later"
invalid	ok lor.
valid	you have won a guaranteed £1000 cash or a £2000 prize. to claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712379 between 10am-7pm cost 10p
invalid	carlos says we can pick up from him later so yeah we're set
invalid	the whole car appreciated the last two! dad and are having a map reading semi argument but apart from that things are going ok. p.
invalid	pls tell nelson that the bb's are no longer comin. the money i was expecting aint coming
invalid	are you going to wipro interview today?
invalid	do u noe wat time e place dat sells 4d closes?
invalid	happened here while you were adventuring
invalid	i will reach office around  &lt;decimal&gt; . &amp; my mobile have problem. you cann't get my voice. so call you asa i'll free
invalid	a pure hearted person can have a wonderful smile that makes even his/her enemies to feel guilty for being an enemy.. so catch the world with your smile..:) goodmorning &amp; have a smiley sunday..:)
invalid	shopping lor. them raining mah hard 2 leave orchard.
invalid	ya it came a while ago
invalid	"babe, i need your advice"
invalid	"[…] anyway, many good evenings to u! s"
invalid	you call times job today ok umma and ask them to speed up
invalid	lol i know! they're so dramatic. schools already closed for tomorrow. apparently we can't drive in the inch of snow were supposed to get.
invalid	what do u want when i come back?.a beautiful necklace as a token of my heart for you.thats what i will give but only to my wife of my liking.be that and see..no one can give you that.dont call me.i will wait till i come.
invalid	hey i will be really pretty late... you want to go for the lesson first? i will join you. i'm only reaching tp mrt
invalid	future is not what we planned for tomorrow.....! it is the result of what we do today...! do the best in present... enjoy the future.
invalid	come back to tampa ffffuuuuuuu
invalid	moji i love you more than words. have a rich day
invalid	misplaced your number and was sending texts to your old number. wondering why i've not heard from you this year. all the best in your mcat. got this number from my atlanta friends
invalid	wake me up at  &lt;#&gt;  am morning:)
invalid	fine am simply sitting.
invalid	designation is software developer and may be she get chennai:)
invalid	s.i'm watching it in live..
invalid	"for you information, ikea is spelled with all caps. that is not yelling. when you thought i had left you, you were sitting on the bed among the mess when i came in. i said we were going after you got home from class. please don't try and bullshit me. it makes me want to listen to you less."
invalid	lol ... have you made plans for new years?
invalid	"k, if u bored up just come to my home.."
invalid	* will have two more cartons off u and is very pleased with shelves
invalid	is it ok if i stay the night here? xavier has a sleeping bag and i'm getting tired
invalid	en chikku nange bakra msg kalstiya..then had tea/coffee?
invalid	don't fret. i'll buy the ovulation test strips and send them to you. you wont get them til like march. can you send me your postal address.u'll be alright.okay.
valid	sunshine quiz wkly q! win a top sony dvd player if u know which country the algarve is in? txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 sp:tyrone
invalid	yup n her fren lor. i'm meeting my fren at 730.
invalid	thought praps you meant another one. goodo! i'll look tomorrow
invalid	"jane babes not goin 2 wrk, feel ill after lst nite. foned in already cover 4 me chuck.:-)"
invalid	huh but i cant go 2 ur house empty handed right?
invalid	"miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya."
invalid	me fine..absolutly fine
invalid	i'm not. she lip synced with shangela.
valid	"i want some cock! my hubby's away, i need a real man 2 satisfy me. txt wife to 89938 for no strings action. (txt stop 2 end, txt rec £1.50ea. otbox 731 la1 7ws. )"
invalid	"lol you forgot it eh ? yes, i'll bring it in babe"
invalid	hi where you. you in home or calicut?
invalid	gettin rdy to ship comp
invalid	are you available for soiree on june 3rd?
invalid	that seems unnecessarily hostile
invalid	sounds like there could be a lot of time spent in that chastity device boy ... *grins* ... or take your beatings like a good dog. going to lounge in a nice long bath now ?
invalid	no you'll just get a headache trying to figure it out. u can trust me to do the math. i promise. o:-)
valid	want a new video phone? 750 anytime any network mins? half price line rental free text for 3 months? reply or call 08000930705 for free delivery
invalid	"i'm back, lemme know when you're ready"
invalid	"we have sent jd for customer service cum accounts executive to ur mail id, for details contact us"
invalid	i see a cup of coffee animation
invalid	play w computer? aiyah i tok 2 u lor?
invalid	s:)no competition for him.
invalid	say thanks2.
valid	december only! had your mobile 11mths+? you are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for free! call the mobile update co free on 08002986906
valid	"09066362231 urgent! your mobile no 07xxxxxxxxx won a £2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/06/03! this is the 2nd attempt to reach you! call 09066362231 asap!"
invalid	well i wasn't available as i washob nobbing with last night so they had to ask nickey platt instead of me!;
invalid	still chance there. if you search hard you will get it..let have a try :)
invalid	"sorry, i'll call later  &lt;#&gt; mins"
invalid	i am late. i will be there at
invalid	got meh... when?
invalid	hi kindly give us back our documents which we submitted for loan from stapati
valid	gr8 new service - live sex video chat on your mob - see the sexiest dirtiest girls live on ur phone - 4 details text horny to 89070 to cancel send stop to 89070
invalid	sure! i am driving but will reach my destination soon.
valid	"thanks for your ringtone order, reference t91. you will be charged gbp 4 per week. you can unsubscribe at anytime by calling customer services on 09057039994"
invalid	can i get your opinion on something first?
invalid	is there coming friday is leave for pongal?do you get any news from your work place.
invalid	otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
invalid	that is wondarfull song
valid	"urgent -call 09066649731from landline. your complimentary 4* ibiza holiday or £10,000 cash await collection sae t&cs po box 434 sk3 8wp 150ppm 18+"
invalid	come to my home for one last time i wont do anything. trust me.
invalid	i called but no one pick up e phone. i ask both of them already they said ok.
valid	you are awarded a sipix digital camera! call 09061221061 from landline. delivery within 28days. t cs box177. m221bp. 2yr warranty. 150ppm. 16 . p p£3.99
invalid	k...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
invalid	spending new years with my brother and his family. lets plan to meet next week. are you ready to be spoiled? :)
invalid	from tomorrow onwards eve 6 to 3 work.
invalid	this is wishing you a great day. moji told me about your offer and as always i was speechless. you offer so easily to go to great lengths on my behalf and its stunning. my exam is next friday. after that i will keep in touch more. sorry.
invalid	never blame a day in ur life. good days give u happiness. bad days give u experience. both are essential in life! all are gods blessings! good morning.:
invalid	"what are you doing in langport? sorry, but i'll probably be in bed by 9pm. it sucks being ill at xmas! when do you and go2sri lanka?"
invalid	"do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? so that, one who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with love..!"
invalid	"ask g or iouri, i've told the story like ten times already"
invalid	what you thinked about me. first time you saw me in class.
invalid	hey come online! use msn... we are all there
invalid	or ü go buy wif him then i meet ü later can?
invalid	"dizzamn, aight i'll ask my suitemates when i get back"
invalid	"he has lots of used ones babe, but the model doesn't help. youi have to bring it over and he'll match it up"
invalid	from here after the performance award is calculated every two month.not for current one month period..
valid	"u can win £100 of music gift vouchers every week starting now txt the word draw to 87066 tscs www.idew.com skillgame, 1winaweek, age16. 150ppermesssubscription"
invalid	the battery is for mr adewale my uncle. aka egbon
invalid	"give her something to drink, if she takes it and doesn't vomit then you her temp might drop. if she unmits however let me know."
invalid	have a good evening! ttyl
invalid	i wont get concentration dear you know you are my mind and everything :-)
invalid	no. thank you. you've been wonderful
invalid	dont make ne plans for nxt wknd coz she wants us to come down then ok
invalid	"imagine you finally get to sink into that bath after i have put you through your paces, maybe even having you eat me for a while before i left ... but also imagine the feel of that cage on your cock surrounded by the bath water, reminding you always who owns you ... enjoy, my cuck"
invalid	goin to workout lor... muz lose e fats...
invalid	talk with yourself atleast once in a day...!!! otherwise you will miss your best friend in this world...!!! -shakespeare- shesil  &lt;#&gt;
invalid	"pls send me a comprehensive mail about who i'm paying, when and how much."
valid	private! your 2003 account statement for 07753741225 shows 800 un-redeemed s. i. m. points. call 08715203677 identifier code: 42478 expires 24/10/04
invalid	well she's in for a big surprise!
invalid	you still around? i could use a half-8th
invalid	yeah it's jus rite...
valid	not heard from u4 a while. call 4 rude chat private line 01223585334 to cum. wan 2c pics of me gettin shagged then text pix to 8552. 2end send stop 8552 sam xxx
invalid	aight ill get on fb in a couple minutes
invalid	my sort code is  and acc no is . the bank is natwest. can you reply to confirm i've sent this to the right person!
invalid	"love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. if we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical"
invalid	the wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
valid	"sms. ac blind date 4u!: rodds1 is 21/m from aberdeen, united kingdom. check him out http://img. sms. ac/w/icmb3cktz8r7!-4 no blind dates send hide"
invalid	dear i am not denying your words please
valid	congrats! nokia 3650 video camera phone is your call 09066382422 calls cost 150ppm ave call 3mins vary from mobiles 16+ close 300603 post bcm4284 ldn wc1n3xx
valid	you are chosen to receive a £350 award! pls call claim number 09066364311 to collect your award which you are selected to receive as a valued mobile customer.
valid	urgent! we are trying to contact you. last weekends draw shows that you have won a £900 prize guaranteed. call 09061701851. claim code k61. valid 12hours only
invalid	i'll be late...
invalid	"… we r stayin here an extra week, back next wed. how did we do in the rugby this weekend? hi to and and , c u soon"
invalid	"ah, well that confuses things, doesn‘t it?"
invalid	juz now havent woke up so a bit blur blur... can? dad went out liao... i cant cum now oso...
invalid	"wn u r hurt by d prsn who s close 2 u, do fight wit dem. coz somtimes dis fight saves a relation bt being quiet leaves nothin in a relation.. gud eveb-)"
invalid	"as usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)"
invalid	she's fine. sends her greetings
invalid	what you need. you have a person to give na.
invalid	"storming msg: wen u lift d phne, u say hello do u knw wt is d real meaning of hello?? . . . it's d name of a girl..! . . . yes.. and u knw who is dat girl?? margaret hello she is d girlfrnd f grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . moral:one can 4get d name of a person, bt not his girlfrnd... g o o d n i g h t . . .@"
invalid	i wanted to ask ü to wait 4 me to finish lect. cos my lect finishes in an hour anyway.
invalid	thanks for picking up the trash.
valid	83039 62735=£450 uk break accommodationvouchers terms & conditions apply. 2 claim you mustprovide your claim number which is 15541
invalid	"that would be good … i'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall i, to organise something?"
invalid	anything...
invalid	pls accept me for one day. or am begging you change the number.
invalid	oh k.i think most of wi and nz players unsold.
invalid	"received, understood n acted upon!"
invalid	ok give me 5 minutes i think i see her. btw you're my alibi. you were cutting my hair the whole time.
invalid	k.:)do it at evening da:)urgent:)
invalid	my exam is for february 4. wish you a great day.
invalid	uhhhhrmm isnt having tb test bad when youre sick
valid	dear u've been invited to xchat. this is our final attempt to contact u! txt chat to 86688 150p/msgrcvdhg/suite342/2lands/row/w1j6hl ldn 18 yrs
valid	i am hot n horny and willing i live local to you - text a reply to hear strt back from me 150p per msg netcollex ltdhelpdesk: 02085076972 reply stop to end
valid	http//tms. widelive.com/index. wml?id=820554ad0a1705572711&first=true¡c c ringtone¡
invalid	i have 2 docs appointments next week.:/ i'm tired of them shoving stuff up me. ugh why couldn't i have had a normal body?
invalid	they don't put that stuff on the roads to keep it from getting slippery over there?
invalid	"sorry, i'll call later"
valid	your unique user id is 1172. for removal send stop to 87239 customer services 08708034412
invalid	feb  &lt;#&gt;  is i love u day. send dis to all ur valued frnds evn me. if 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! if u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 evr
invalid	i was slept that time.you there?
invalid	message from . i am at truro hospital on ext. you can phone me here. as i have a phone by my side
invalid	tell them u have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time.
invalid	lol ... no just was busy
valid	"urgent! you have won a 1 week free membership in our £100,000 prize jackpot! txt the word: claim to no: 81010 t&c www.dbuk.net lccltd pobox 4403ldnw1a7rw18"
invalid	ryder unsold.now gibbs.
invalid	"they can try! they can get lost, in fact. tee hee"
invalid	what time should i tell my friend to be around?
invalid	thanx 4 puttin da fone down on me!!
invalid	and how's your husband.
invalid	"alright we're hooked up, where you guys at"
valid	gent! we are trying to contact you. last weekends draw shows that you won a £1000 prize guaranteed. call 09064012160. claim code k52. valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
invalid	i'm home...
invalid	i got a call from a landline number. . . i am asked to come to anna nagar . . . i will go in the afternoon
invalid	there's someone here that has a year  &lt;#&gt;  toyota camry like mr olayiwola's own. mileage is  &lt;#&gt; k.its clean but i need to know how much will it sell for. if i can raise the dough for it how soon after landing will it sell. holla back.
invalid	"yo, you around? just got my car back"
invalid	good morning plz call me sir
invalid	am i that much bad to avoid like this?
valid	"wan2 win a meet+greet with westlife 4 u or a m8? they are currently on what tour? 1)unbreakable, 2)untamed, 3)unkempt. text 1,2 or 3 to 83049. cost 50p +std text"
invalid	i'm in school now n i'll be in da lab doing some stuff give me a call when ü r done.
valid	lord of the rings:return of the king in store now!reply lotr by 2 june 4 chance 2 win lotr soundtrack cds stdtxtrate. reply stop to end txts
invalid	just sleeping..and surfing
invalid	going for dinner.msg you after.
invalid	should i head straight there or what
invalid	no..he joined today itself.
valid	"someone u know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! cant guess who? call 09058095107 now all will be revealed. pobox 7, s3xy 150p"
invalid	oh is it? send me the address
invalid	dear got train and seat mine lower seat
invalid	"thats a bit weird, even ?- where is the do supposed to be happening? but good idea, sure they will be in pub!"
invalid	give me a sec to think think about it
invalid	sir send to group mail check it.
invalid	"new theory: argument wins d situation, but loses the person. so dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, i'm always correct.!"
invalid	"every king was once a crying baby and every great building was once a map.. not imprtant where u r today, but where u wil reach tomorw. gud ni8"
invalid	he also knows about lunch menu only da. . i know
invalid	"ups which is 3days also, and the shipping company that takes 2wks. the other way is usps which takes a week but when it gets to lag you may have to bribe nipost to get your stuff."
invalid	lol i would but despite these cramps i like being a girl.
invalid	why you keeping me away like this
invalid	no problem. talk to you later
invalid	i'm in class. will holla later
valid	urgent! we are trying to contact u. todays draw shows that you have won a £800 prize guaranteed. call 09050003091 from land line. claim c52. valid12hrs only
invalid	have you emigrated or something? ok maybe 5.30 was a bit hopeful...
invalid	will you be here for food
valid	4mths half price orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 free. had your phone 11mths ? call mobilesdirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt
invalid	you also didnt get na hi hi hi hi hi
invalid	gain the rights of a wife.dont demand it.i am trying as husband too.lets see
invalid	carlos'll be here in a minute if you still need to buy
invalid	loosu go to hospital. de dont let it careless.
invalid	anyway holla at me whenever you're around because i need an excuse to go creep on people in sarasota
invalid	you bad girl. i can still remember them
valid	you'll not rcv any more msgs from the chat svc. for free hardcore services text go to: 69988 if u get nothing u must age verify with yr network & try again
invalid	my love ! how come it took you so long to leave for zaher's? i got your words on ym and was happy to see them but was sad you had left. i miss you
invalid	u don't know how stubborn i am. i didn't even want to go to the hospital. i kept telling mark i'm not a weak sucker. hospitals are for weak suckers.
invalid	"well the weather in cali's great. but its complexities are great. you need a car to move freely, its taxes are outrageous. but all in all its a great place. the sad part is i missing home."
invalid	bring tat cd don forget
invalid	"forgot it takes me 3 years to shower, sorry. where you at/your phone dead yet?"
invalid	yup he msg me: is tat yijue? then i tot it's my group mate cos we meeting today mah... i'm askin if ü leaving earlier or wat mah cos mayb ü haf to walk v far...
invalid	"have a lovely night and when you wake up to see this message, i hope you smile knowing all is as should be. have a great morning"
invalid	i am not having her number sir
invalid	are you staying in town ?
invalid	why she wants to talk to me
invalid	today my system sh get ready.all is well and i am also in the deep well
valid	"accordingly. i repeat, just text the word ok on your mobile phone and send"
invalid	no objection. my bf not coming.
invalid	oh sorry please its over
invalid	you want to go?
invalid	i fetch yun or u fetch?
valid	"you've won tkts to the euro2004 cup final or £800 cash, to collect call 09058099801 b4190604, pobox 7876150ppm"
invalid	ok... help me ask if she's working tmr a not?
invalid	"hmmm... guess we can go 4 kb n power yoga... haha, dunno we can tahan power yoga anot... thk got lo oso, forgot liao..."
invalid	dude ive been seeing a lotta corvettes lately
invalid	the bus leaves at  &lt;#&gt;
invalid	reverse is cheating. that is not mathematics.
valid	sexy sexy cum and text me im wet and warm and ready for some porn! u up for some fun? this msg is free recd msgs 150p inc vat 2 cancel text stop
invalid	maybe if you woke up before fucking 3 this wouldn't be a problem.
invalid	wewa is 130. iriver 255. all 128 mb.
invalid	you didnt complete your gist oh.
invalid	a bloo bloo bloo i'll miss the first bowl
invalid	"good friends care for each other.. close friends understand each other... and true friends stay forever beyond words, beyond time. gud ni8"
invalid	thats cool! sometimes slow and gentle. sonetimes rough and hard :)
invalid	omg i want to scream. i weighed myself and i lost more weight! woohoo!
invalid	at 7 we will go ok na.
invalid	auntie huai juan never pick up her phone
invalid	if you text on your way to cup stop that should work. and that should be bus
invalid	thanx 4 2day! u r a goodmate i think ur rite sary! asusual!1 u cheered me up! love u franyxxxxx
invalid	meanwhile in the shit suite: xavier decided to give us  &lt;#&gt;  seconds of warning that samantha was coming over and is playing jay's guitar to impress her or some shit. also i don't think doug realizes i don't live here anymore
invalid	k..give back my thanks.
invalid	none of that's happening til you get here though
invalid	otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
invalid	do ü noe if ben is going?
invalid	"wow. i never realized that you were so embarassed by your accomodations. i thought you liked it, since i was doing the best i could and you always seemed so happy about the cave. i'm sorry i didn't and don't have more to give. i'm sorry i offered. i'm sorry your room was so embarassing."
invalid	i keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
invalid	i want kfc its tuesday. only buy 2 meals only 2. no gravy. only 2 mark. 2!
invalid	u should make a fb list
invalid	how is your schedule next week? i am out of town this weekend.
invalid	it's é only $140 ard...é rest all ard $180 at least...which is é price 4 é 2 bedrm ($900)
invalid	then just eat a shit and wait for ur monkey face bitch.......... u asshole..................
invalid	"no, i was trying it all weekend ;v"
invalid	ok darlin i supose it was ok i just worry too much.i have to do some film stuff my mate and then have to babysit again! but you can call me there.xx
invalid	"nimbomsons. yep phone knows that one. obviously, cos thats a real word"
valid	u have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with u-find out who they r*reveal who thinks ur so special-call on 09058094565
invalid	26th of july
invalid	actually i'm waiting for 2 weeks when they start putting ad.
invalid	"haha, just what i was thinkin"
invalid	oh ok no prob..
invalid	2 laptop... i noe infra but too slow lar... i wan fast one
invalid	no. did you multimedia message them or e-mail?
invalid	you do what all you like
valid	customer service annoncement. you have a new years delivery waiting for you. please call 07046744435 now to arrange delivery
invalid	as per your request 'melle melle (oru minnaminunginte nurungu vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all callers. press *9 to copy your friends callertune
invalid	no da:)he is stupid da..always sending like this:)don believe any of those message.pandy is a mental:)
invalid	so how's the weather over there?
invalid	tell rob to mack his gf in the theater
invalid	"oh... icic... k lor, den meet other day..."
invalid	lol enjoy role playing much?
invalid	are you the cutest girl in the world or what
invalid	great. never been better. each day gives even more reasons to thank god
invalid	home so we can always chat
invalid	just seeing your missed call my dear brother. do have a gr8 day.
invalid	"sorry man my account's dry or i would, if you want we could trade back half or i could buy some shit with my credit card"
invalid	there's no point hangin on to mr not right if he's not makin u happy
valid	from 88066 lost £12 help
invalid	"lets use it next week, princess :)"
invalid	allo! we have braved the buses and taken on the trains and triumphed. i mean we‘re in b‘invalid. have a jolly good rest of week
valid	"as a valued customer, i am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your mob no. you are awarded with a £1500 bonus prize, call 09066368470"
invalid	i am going to bed now prin
invalid	and he's apparently bffs with carly quick now
invalid	"dude. what's up. how teresa. hope you have been okay. when i didnt hear from these people, i called them and they had received the package since dec  &lt;#&gt; . just thot you'ld like to know. do have a fantastic year and all the best with your reading. plus if you can really really bam first aid for usmle, then your work is done."
valid	you have won a guaranteed £1000 cash or a £2000 prize. to claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712412 between 10am-7pm cost 10p
valid	bought one ringtone and now getting texts costing 3 pound offering more tones etc
invalid	not thought bout it... || drink in tap & spile at seven. || is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. || ok?
valid	you have 1 new voicemail. please call 08719181513.
invalid	i think its far more than that but find out. check google maps for a place from your dorm.
invalid	dunno lei ü all decide lor. how abt leona? oops i tot ben is going n i msg him.
invalid	tell them the drug dealer's getting impatient
invalid	so that means you still think of teju
invalid	are you up for the challenge? i know i am :)
invalid	"somewhr someone is surely made 4 u. and god has decided a perfect time to make u meet dat person. . . . till den, . . . . . enjoy ur crushes..!!!;-)"
invalid	hi here. have birth at on the  to  at 8lb 7oz. mother and baby doing brilliantly.
invalid	discussed with your mother ah?
invalid	i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
invalid	yunny i'm walking in citylink now ü faster come down... me very hungry...
invalid	all e best 4 ur exam later.
invalid	ok lor ü reaching then message me.
invalid	lol your right. what diet? everyday i cheat anyway. i'm meant to be a fatty :(
invalid	then she dun believe wat?
invalid	"that's cool, i'll come by like  &lt;#&gt; ish"
invalid	roger that. we‘re probably going to rem in about 20
invalid	"whatever, juliana. do whatever you want."
invalid	all will come alive.better correct any good looking figure there itself..
invalid	are you ok. what happen to behave like this
invalid	"can meh? thgt some will clash... really ah, i dun mind... i dun seen to have lost any weight... gee..."
invalid	"i'll see if i can swing by in a bit, got some things to take care of here firsg"
invalid	"sorry, left phone upstairs. ok, might be hectic but would be all my birds with one fell swoop. it's a date."
invalid	"jus chillaxin, what up"
invalid	"that's good, because i need drugs"
valid	u 447801259231 have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with u-find out who they r*reveal who thinks ur so special-call on 09058094597
invalid	u can call now...
valid	want explicit sex in 30 secs? ring 02073162414 now! costs 20p/min
invalid	"if we hit it off, you can move in with me :)"
invalid	hey are you angry with me. reply me dr.
invalid	haf u eaten? wat time u wan me 2 come?
invalid	"yeah, we can probably swing by once my roommate finishes up with his girl"
invalid	kay... since we are out already
invalid	oh k. . i will come tomorrow
invalid	i notice you like looking in the shit mirror youre turning into a right freak
invalid	hi dear call me its urgnt. i don't know whats your problem. you don't want to work or if you have any other problem at least tell me. wating for your reply.
invalid	no shoot me. i'm in the docs waiting room. :/
invalid	"haha i heard that, text me when you're around"
invalid	"hi. hope ur day * good! back from walk, table booked for half eight. let me know when ur coming over."
invalid	well there's a pattern emerging of my friends telling me to drive up and come smoke with them and then telling me that i'm a weed fiend/make them smoke too much/impede their doing other things so you see how i'm hesitant
invalid	"nothing, i got msg frm tht unknown no.."
invalid	lol boo i was hoping for a laugh
invalid	k. i will sent it again
invalid	i will reach ur home in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes
invalid	"4 tacos + 1 rajas burrito, right?"
invalid	mm so you asked me not to call radio
invalid	going on nothing great.bye
invalid	yeah but which is worse for i
invalid	"actually, my mobile is full of msg. and i m doing a work online, where i need to send them  &lt;#&gt;  sent msg i wil explain u later."
invalid	otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
invalid	blank is blank. but wat is blank? lol
invalid	an excellent thought by a misundrstud frnd: i knw u hate me bt the day wen u'll knw the truth u'll hate urself:-( gn:-)
valid	from next month get upto 50% more calls 4 ur standard network charge 2 activate call 9061100010 c wire3.net 1st4terms pobox84 m26 3uz cost £1.50 min mobcudb more
valid	todays vodafone numbers ending with 4882 are selected to a receive a £350 award. if your number matches call 09064019014 to receive your £350 award.
invalid	oh :-)only 4 outside players allowed to play know
invalid	be sure to check your yahoo email. we sent photos yesterday
invalid	oh yeah i forgot. u can only take 2 out shopping at once.
valid	urgent! we are trying to contact u todays draw shows that you have won a £800 prize guaranteed. call 09050000460 from land line. claim j89. po box245c2150pm
valid	"for ur chance to win £250 cash every wk txt: play to 83370. t's&c's www.music-trivia.net custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk."
invalid	lol please do. actually send a pic of yourself right now. i wanna see. pose with a comb and hair dryer or something.
invalid	"hello, my love! how goes that day ? i wish your well and fine babe and hope that you find some job prospects. i miss you, boytoy ... *a teasing kiss*"
invalid	hai priya are you right. what doctor said pa. where are you.
valid	"sunshine hols. to claim ur med holiday send a stamped self address envelope to drinks on us uk, po box 113, bray, wicklow, eire. quiz starts saturday! unsub stop"
invalid	how come u got nothing to do?
invalid	also where's the piece
invalid	happy birthday... may u find ur prince charming soon n dun work too hard...
invalid	where wuld i be without my baby? the thought alone mite break me and i don’t wanna go crazy but everyboy needs his lady xxxxxxxx
invalid	ü comin to fetch us oredi...
valid	"loan for any purpose £500 - £75,000. homeowners + tenants welcome. have you been previously refused? we can still help. call free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'"
invalid	y dun cut too short leh. u dun like ah? she failed. she's quite sad.
invalid	you flippin your shit yet?
invalid	eatin my lunch...
invalid	how are you babes. hope your doing ok. i had a shit nights sleep. i fell asleep at 5.i’m knackered and i’m dreading work tonight. what are thou upto tonight. x
invalid	that would be great. we'll be at the guild. could meet on bristol road or somewhere - will get in touch over weekend. our plans take flight! have a good week
invalid	am going to take bath ill place the key in window:-)
invalid	"the table's occupied, i'm waiting by the tree"
invalid	"by the way, make sure u get train to worc foregate street not shrub hill. have fun night x"
valid	sunshine quiz! win a super sony dvd recorder if you canname the capital of australia? text mquiz to 82277. b
invalid	s da..al r above  &lt;#&gt;
invalid	"cant believe i said so many things to you this morning when all i really wanted to say was good morning, i love you! have a beautiful morning. see you in the library later."
invalid	life is nothing wen v get everything. but life is everything wen v miss something . real value of people wil be realized only in their absence.... gud mrng
invalid	your opinion about me? 1. over 2. jada 3. kusruthi 4. lovable 5. silent 6. spl character 7. not matured 8. stylish 9. simple pls reply..
invalid	i thk 50 shd be ok he said plus minus 10.. did ü leave a line in between paragraphs?
invalid	nice.nice.how is it working?
valid	asked 3mobile if 0870 chatlines inclu in free mins. india cust servs sed yes. l8er got mega bill. 3 dont giv a shit. bailiff due in days. i o £250 3 want £800
valid	sports fans - get the latest sports news str* 2 ur mobile 1 wk free plus a free tone txt sport on to 8007 www.getzed.co.uk 0870141701216+ norm 4txt/120p
invalid	and stop being an old man. you get to build snowman snow angels and snowball fights.
invalid	i want to be there so i can kiss you and feel you next to me
invalid	aiyah ok wat as long as got improve can already wat...
valid	private! your 2003 account statement for <fone no> shows 800 un-redeemed s. i. m. points. call 08715203656 identifier code: 42049 expires 26/10/04
invalid	i not busy juz dun wan 2 go so early.. hee..
invalid	"if you want to mapquest it or something look up usf dogwood drive, that's the tiny street where the parking lot is"
invalid	okay lor... wah... like that def they wont let us go... haha... what did they say in the terms and conditions?
invalid	ello babe u ok?
invalid	convey my regards to him
invalid	hiya. how was last night? i've been naughty and bought myself clothes and very little ... ready for more shopping tho! what kind of time do you wanna meet?
invalid	"whenevr ur sad, whenevr ur gray, remembr im here 2 listn 2 watevr u wanna say, jus walk wid me a little while,&amp; i promise i'll bring back ur smile.:-)"
invalid	all done? all handed in? celebrations in full swing yet?
invalid	hi:)cts employee how are you?
invalid	what number do u live at? is it 11?
invalid	easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
invalid	what you doing?how are you?
invalid	y bishan lei... i tot ü say lavender?
valid	"customer service announcement. we recently tried to make a delivery to you but were unable to do so, please call 07099833605 to re-schedule. ref:9280114"
invalid	i'm stuck in da middle of da row on da right hand side of da lt...
invalid	unless it's a situation where you go gurl would be more appropriate
invalid	dunno lei shd b driving lor cos i go sch 1 hr oni.
invalid	i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
invalid	i dont want to hear anything
invalid	oh my god. i'm almost home
invalid	hello u.call wen u finish wrk.i fancy meetin up wiv u all tonite as i need a break from dabooks. did 4 hrs last nite+2 today of wrk!
invalid	my stomach has been thru so much trauma i swear i just can't eat. i better lose weight.
invalid	s but mostly not like that.
invalid	i'm vivek:)i got call from your number.
invalid	or maybe my fat fingers just press all these buttons and it doesn't know what to do.
valid	great news! call freefone 08006344447 to claim your guaranteed £1000 cash or £2000 gift. speak to a live operator now!
invalid	boooo you always work. just quit.
invalid	"as i entered my cabin my pa said, '' happy b'day boss !!''. i felt special. she askd me 4 lunch. after lunch she invited me to her apartment. we went there."
invalid	yo guess what i just dropped
valid	"urgent!: your mobile no. was awarded a £2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/09/03! this is our 2nd attempt to contact you! call 0871-872-9755 box95qu"
invalid	make sure alex knows his birthday is over in fifteen minutes as far as you're concerned
invalid	that's y i said it's bad dat all e gals know u... wat u doing now?
invalid	and stop wondering wow is she ever going to stop tm'ing me ?! because i will tm you whenever i want because you are mine ... *laughs*
invalid	"hi hope u r both ok, he said he would text and he hasn't, have u seen him, let me down gently please"
invalid	don't forget though that i love you .... and i walk beside you. watching over you and keeping your heart warm.
invalid	eh sorry leh... i din c ur msg. not sad already lar. me watching tv now. u still in office?
valid	urgent! we are trying to contact u. todays draw shows that you have won a £800 prize guaranteed. call 09050001295 from land line. claim a21. valid 12hrs only
invalid	ok... u enjoy ur shows...
invalid	ok lor then we go tog lor...
invalid	i wil be there with in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes. got any space
invalid	no message..no responce..what happend?
valid	"xxxmobilemovieclub: to use your credit, click the wap link in the next txt message or click here>> http://wap. xxxmobilemovieclub.com?n=qjkgighjjgcbl"
invalid	o. well uv causes mutations. sunscreen is like essential thesedays
invalid	good morning my dear........... have a great &amp; successful day.
invalid	"well, i meant as opposed to my drunken night of before"
invalid	mmm thats better now i got a roast down me! i’d b better if i had a few drinks down me 2! good indian?
invalid	i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
invalid	i'm turning off my phone. my moms telling everyone i have cancer. and my sister won't stop calling. it hurts to talk. can't put up with it. see u when u get home. love u
invalid	i am in bus on the way to calicut
invalid	ok u can take me shopping when u get paid =d
valid	fancy a shag? i do.interested? sextextuk.com txt xxuk suzy to 69876. txts cost 1.50 per msg. tncs on website. x
invalid	long beach lor. expected... u having dinner now?
invalid	i'm at home n ready...
invalid	"dont give a monkeys wot they think and i certainly don't mind. any friend of mine&all that! just don't sleep wiv , that wud be annoyin!"
invalid	"k, wen ur free come to my home and also tel vikky i hav sent mail to him also.. better come evening il be free today aftr 6pm..:-)"
invalid	"sorry, i'll call later"
valid	can u get 2 phone now? i wanna chat 2 set up meet call me now on 09096102316 u can cum here 2moro luv jane xx calls£1/minmoremobsemspobox45po139wa
invalid	staff of placement training in amrita college.
invalid	"my parents, my kidz, my friends n my colleagues. all screaming.. surprise !! and i was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' naked...!"
invalid	what he said is not the matter. my mind saying some other matter is there.
invalid	dont pick up d call when something important is there to tell. hrishi
invalid	"it‘s £6 to get in, is that ok?"
invalid	"i wonder if your phone battery went dead ? i had to tell you, i love you babe"
valid	"eerie nokia tones 4u, rply tone title to 8007 eg tone dracula to 8007 titles: ghost, addamsfa, munsters, exorcist, twilight www.getzed.co.uk pobox36504w45wq 150p"
invalid	im on gloucesterroad what are uup to later?
invalid	"mum, hope you are having a great day. hoping this text meets you well and full of life. have a great day. abiola"
invalid	"a gram usually runs like  &lt;#&gt; , a half eighth is smarter though and gets you almost a whole second gram for  &lt;#&gt;"
invalid	is toshiba portege m100 gd?
invalid	me sef dey laugh you. meanwhile how's my darling anjie!
invalid	"how about clothes, jewelry, and trips?"
invalid	"oh right, ok. i'll make sure that i do loads of work during the day!  got a really nasty cough today and is dry n shot so that should really help it!"
invalid	thanks for yesterday sir. you have been wonderful. hope you enjoyed the burial. mojibiola
invalid	"the fact that you're cleaning shows you know why i'm upset. your priority is constantly what i want to do, not what i need to do."
invalid	"friendship is not a game to play, it is not a word to say, it doesn\'t start on march and ends on may, it is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e"
valid	free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win fa cup final tkts 21st may 2005. text fa to 87121 to receive entry question(std txt rate)t&c's apply 08452810075over18's
invalid	does not operate after  &lt;#&gt;  or what
invalid	"hey elaine, is today's meeting still on?"
invalid	maybe?! say hi to  and find out if  got his card. great escape or wetherspoons?
valid	congratulations ur awarded either a yrs supply of cds from virgin records or a mystery gift guaranteed call 09061104283 ts&cs www.smsco.net £1.50pm approx 3mins
invalid	good morning plz call me sir
invalid	ps u no ur a grown up now right?
invalid	white fudge oreos are in stores
invalid	lol that would be awesome payback.
invalid	unfortunately i've just found out that we have to pick my sister up from the airport that evening so don't think i'll be going out at all. we should try to go out one of th
invalid	probably a couple hours tops
invalid	oops i was in the shower when u called. hey a parking garage collapsed at university hospital. see i'm not crazy. stuff like that does happen.
invalid	thanks honey but still haven't heard anything i will leave it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will try later - great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there!
invalid	"haha, my friend tyler literally just asked if you could get him a dubsack"
invalid	"when i was born, god said, oh no! another idiot. when you were born, god said, oh no! competition. who knew, one day these two will become freinds forever!"
invalid	do you think i can move  &lt;#&gt;  in a week
invalid	nope i waiting in sch 4 daddy...
invalid	do you always celebrate ny's with your family ?
invalid	cos daddy arranging time c wat time fetch ü mah...
invalid	"just got some gas money, any chance you and the gang want to go on a grand nature adventure?"
invalid	am in film ill call you later.
invalid	"just gettin a bit arty with my collages at the mo, well tryin 2 ne way! got a roast in a min lovely i shall enjoy that!"
invalid	hi darlin i finish at 3 do u 1 2 pick me up or meet me? text back on this number luv kate xxx
invalid	lol yep did that yesterday. already got my fireplace. now its just another icon sitting there for me.
invalid	"i sent my scores to sophas and i had to do secondary application for a few schools. i think if you are thinking of applying, do a research on cost also. contact joke ogunrinde, her school is one me the less expensive ones"
invalid	hmm ill have to think about it... ok you're forgiven! =d
invalid	oi. ami parchi na re. kicchu kaaj korte iccha korche na. phone ta tul na. plz. plz.
invalid	aight should i just plan to come up later tonight?
invalid	i guess it is useless calling u 4 something important.
invalid	"sorry, i'll call later"
invalid	fine i miss you very much.
invalid	cool. so how come you havent been wined and dined before?
invalid	"rose for red,red for blood,blood for heart,heart for u. but u for me.... send tis to all ur friends.. including me.. if u like me.. if u get back, 1-u r poor in relation! 2-u need some 1 to support 3-u r frnd 2 many 4-some1 luvs u 5+- some1 is praying god to marry u.:-) try it...."
invalid	i'm always looking for an excuse to be in the city.
invalid	helloooo... wake up..! sweet morning welcomes you enjoy this day with full of joy.. gud mrng.
invalid	shopping? eh ger i toking abt syd leh...haha
invalid	"so many people seems to be special at first sight, but only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. maintain them till life ends.. sh!jas"
invalid	no i am not having not any movies in my laptop
valid	recpt 1/3. you have ordered a ringtone. your order is being processed...
invalid	"bill, as in: are there any letters for me. i’m expecting one from orange that isn’t a bill but may still say orange on it."
invalid	lol i know! hey someone did a great inpersonation of flea on the forums. i love it!
invalid	i (career tel) have added u as a contact on indyarocks.com to send free sms. to remove from phonebook - sms no to  &lt;#&gt;
invalid	me fine..absolutly fine
invalid	and popping &lt;#&gt; ibuprofens was no help.
invalid	im just wondering what your doing right now?
invalid	"go until jurong point, crazy.. available only in bugis n great world la e buffet... cine there got amore wat..."
invalid	"a cute thought for friendship: its not necessary to share every secret with ur close frnd, but watever u shared should be true...."
valid	boltblue tones for 150p reply poly# or mono# eg poly3 1. cha cha slide 2. yeah 3. slow jamz 6. toxic 8. come with me or stop 4 more tones txt more
invalid	howz that persons story
invalid	i cant talk to you now.i will call when i can.dont keep calling.
invalid	darren was saying dat if u meeting da ge den we dun meet 4 dinner. cos later u leave xy will feel awkward. den u meet him 4 lunch lor.
invalid	as in i want custom officer discount oh.
invalid	i have no money 4 steve mate! !
valid	hard live 121 chat just 60p/min. choose your girl and connect live. call 09094646899 now! cheap chat uk's biggest live service. vu bcm1896wc1n3xx
invalid	nope. meanwhile she talk say make i greet you.
invalid	"kate jackson rec center before 7ish, right?"
invalid	"awesome, text me when you're restocked"
invalid	easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
valid	"u can win £100 of music gift vouchers every week starting now txt the word draw to 87066 tscs www.idew.com skillgame, 1winaweek, age16. 150ppermesssubscription"
invalid	"when you get free, call me"
invalid	"i haven't forgotten you, i might have a couple bucks to send you tomorrow, k? i love ya too"
invalid	no need lar i go engin? cos my sis at arts today...
invalid	did either of you have any idea's? do you know of anyplaces doing something?
invalid	idk. i'm sitting here in a stop and shop parking lot right now bawling my eyes out because i feel like i'm a failure in everything. nobody wants me and now i feel like i'm failing you.
invalid	i don't quite know what to do. i still can't get hold of anyone. i cud pick you up bout 7.30pm and we can see if they're in the pub?
valid	500 free text msgs. just text ok to 80488 and we'll credit your account
invalid	aiyah then i wait lor. then u entertain me. hee...
invalid	what is your account number?
valid	07732584351 - rodger burns - msg = we tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a free nokia mobile + free camcorder. please call now 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
invalid	and now electricity just went out fml.
invalid	sweet heart how are you?
invalid	get ready to put on your excellent sub face :)
invalid	hi neva worry bout da truth coz the truth will lead me 2 ur heart. it’s the least a unique person like u deserve. sleep tight or morning
invalid	why i come in between you people
invalid	4 oclock at mine. just to bash out a flat plan.
invalid	yar... i tot u knew dis would happen long ago already.
invalid	aaooooright are you at work?
invalid	"fuck babe ... i miss you already, you know ? can't you let me send you some money towards your net ? i need you ... i want you ... i crave you ..."
invalid	"velly good, yes please!"
invalid	"daddy, shu shu is looking 4 u... u wan me 2 tell him u're not in singapore or wat?"
invalid	crucify is c not s. you should have told me earlier.
invalid	well done and ! luv ya all
invalid	if i said anything wrong sorry de:-)
invalid	if i get there before you after your ten billion calls and texts so help me god
invalid	didn't you get hep b immunisation in nigeria.
invalid	hey anyway i have to :-)
invalid	guai... ü shd haf seen him when he's naughty... ü so free today? can go jogging...
invalid	lol ... i really need to remember to eat when i'm drinking but i do appreciate you keeping me company that night babe *smiles*
invalid	u're welcome... caught u using broken english again...
invalid	"life alle mone,eppolum oru pole allalo"
invalid	"good afternoon, my love! how goes that day ? i hope maybe you got some leads on a job. i think of you, boytoy and send you a passionate kiss from across the sea"
invalid	thanks. fills me with complete calm and reassurance!
invalid	just wait till end of march when el nino gets himself. oh.
valid	urgent! we are trying to contact you. last weekends draw shows that you have won a £900 prize guaranteed. call 09061701939. claim code s89. valid 12hrs only
invalid	mathews or tait or edwards or anderson
invalid	"sir, i need velusamy sir's date of birth and company bank facilities details."
invalid	k... must book a not huh? so going for yoga basic on sunday?
invalid	bull. your plan was to go floating off to ikea with me without a care in the world. so i have to live with your mess another day.
invalid	"dude u knw also telugu..thts gud..k, gud nyt.."
invalid	prakesh is there know.
invalid	"yo, any way we could pick something up tonight?"
invalid	try neva mate!!
invalid	you are a very very very very bad girl. or lady.
invalid	no my mum went 2 dentist.
invalid	yep get with the program. you're slacking.
invalid	thank god they are in bed!
invalid	yup ü not comin :-(
invalid	you getting back any time soon?
valid	"this is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. u have won the 750 pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 08712101358 now! only 10p per min. bt-national-rate"
invalid	"dear relieved of westonzoyland, all going to plan this end too!"
invalid	i know girls always safe and selfish know i got it pa. thank you. good night.
invalid	"sorry, i'll call later"
valid	free video camera phones with half price line rental for 12 mths and 500 cross ntwk mins 100 txts. call mobileupd8 08001950382 or call2optout/674
invalid	to day class is there are no class.
invalid	i tot u outside cos darren say u come shopping. of course we nice wat. we jus went sim lim look at mp3 player.
valid	you have won! as a valued vodafone customer our computer has picked you to win a £150 prize. to collect is easy. just call 09061743386
invalid	ok lor. anyway i thk we cant get tickets now cos like quite late already. u wan 2 go look 4 ur frens a not? darren is wif them now...
valid	filthy stories and girls waiting for your
invalid	"no, i *didn't* mean to post it. i wrote it, and like so many other times i've ritten stuff to you, i let it sit there. it was what i was feeling at the time. i was angry. before i left, i hit send, then stop. it wasn't there. i checked on my phone when i got to my car. it wasn't there. you said you didn't sleep, you were bored. so why wouldn't that be the time to clean, fold laundry, etc.? at least make the bed?"
invalid	"nothing, smsing u n xy lor. sorry lor da guys neva c u in person but they sort of know u lor. so u wan 2 meet them xy ask me 2 bring u along 4 our next meeting."
valid	"final chance! claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers today! text yes to 85023 now! savamob, member offers mobile! t cs savamob pobox84, m263uz. £3.00 subs 16"
invalid	yup it's at paragon... i havent decided whether 2 cut yet... hee...
invalid	no he didn't. spring is coming early yay!
invalid	smile in pleasure smile in pain smile when trouble pours like rain smile when sum1 hurts u smile becoz someone still loves to see u smiling!!
invalid	"2 celebrate my b’day, y else?"
invalid	what today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
invalid	may i call you later pls
invalid	"honey ? sweetheart ? darling ? sexy buns ? sugar plum ? loverboy ? i miss you, boytoy ... *smacks your ass* did you go to the gym too ?"
invalid	where you. what happen
invalid	i liked the new mobile
invalid	oic cos me n my sis got no lunch today my dad went out... so dunno whether 2 eat in sch or wat...
valid	74355 xmas iscoming & ur awarded either £500 cd gift vouchers & free entry 2 r £100 weekly draw txt music to 87066 tnc
invalid	ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
invalid	host-based idps for linux systems.
invalid	good morning princess! have a great day!
invalid	"did you say bold, then torch later. or one torch and 2bold?"
valid	"you have won ?1,000 cash or a ?2,000 prize! to claim, call09050000327"
invalid	if i was i wasn't paying attention
invalid	no need to say anything to me. i know i am an outsider
invalid	s..antha num corrct dane
invalid	hard but true: how much you show &amp;  express your love to someone....that much it will hurt when they leave you or you get seperated...!?????ud evening...
invalid	nutter. cutter. ctter. cttergg. cttargg. ctargg. ctagg. ie you
invalid	he's just gonna worry for nothing. and he won't give you money its no use.
invalid	what is the plural of the noun research?
valid	valentines day special! win over £1000 in our quiz and take your partner on the trip of a lifetime! send go to 83600 now. 150p/msg rcvd. custcare:08718720201.
invalid	yeah sure thing mate haunt got all my stuff sorted but im going sound anyway promoting hex for .by the way who is this? dont know number. joke
invalid	i will be gentle princess! we will make sweet gentle love...
invalid	"so many people seems to be special at first sight, but only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. maintain them till life ends.. take cr da"
invalid	ü log off 4 wat. it's sdryb8i
invalid	did you show him and wot did he say or could u not c him 4 dust?
invalid	thank you baby! i cant wait to taste the real thing...
invalid	i havent add ü yet right..
invalid	neva mind it's ok..
invalid	oh just getting even with u.... u?
invalid	id onluy matters when getting on from offcampus
invalid	i was wondering if it would be okay for you to call uncle john and let him know that things are not the same in nigeria as they r here. that  &lt;#&gt;  dollars is 2years sent and that you know its a strain but i plan to pay back every dime he gives. every dime so for me to expect anything from you is not practical. something like that.
invalid	"solve d case : a man was found murdered on  &lt;decimal&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  afternoon. 1,his wife called police. 2,police questioned everyone. 3,wife: sir,i was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.cook: i was cooking. 5.gardener: i was picking vegetables. 6.house-maid: i went 2 d post office. 7.children: we went 2 play. 8.neighbour: we went 2 a marriage. police arrested d murderer immediately. who's it? reply with reason, if u r brilliant."
invalid	ill be there on  &lt;#&gt;  ok.
invalid	2mro i am not coming to gym machan. goodnight.
invalid	"happy or sad , one thing about past is- its no more good morning :-):-)."
invalid	beautiful truth against gravity.. read carefully: our heart feels light when someone is in it.. but it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.. goodmorning
invalid	"that‘s the thing with apes, u can fight to the death to keep something, but the minute they have it when u let go, thats it!"
invalid	"hi, can i please get a  &lt;#&gt;  dollar loan from you. i.ll pay you back by mid february. pls."
invalid	then wat r u doing now? busy wif work?
valid	"dear voucher holder, to claim this weeks offer, at you pc please go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/reward. ts&cs apply."
invalid	will be out of class in a few hours. sorry
invalid	aiyo please ü got time meh.
invalid	am on the uworld site. am i buying the qbank only or am i buying it with the self assessment also?
invalid	bugis oso near wat...
invalid	actually getting ready to leave the house.
invalid	yes its possible but dint try. pls dont tell to any one k
valid	"urgent! your mobile was awarded a £1,500 bonus caller prize on 27/6/03. our final attempt 2 contact u! call 08714714011"
invalid	"that's fine, have him give me a call if he knows what he wants or has any questions"
invalid	oh god i am happy to see your message after 3 days
invalid	k:)i will give my kvb acc details:)
invalid	u buy newspapers already?
valid	"spjanuary male sale! hot gay chat now cheaper, call 08709222922. national rate from 1.5p/min cheap to 7.8p/min peak! to stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)"
invalid	"yeah, probably but not sure. ilol let u know, but personally i wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then i mite as well!!"
valid	please call our customer service representative on freephone 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have won a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
invalid	watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
invalid	i want to tel u one thing u should not mistake me k this is the message that you sent:)
invalid	yup. izzit still raining heavily cos i'm in e mrt i can't c outside.
invalid	i like dis sweater fr mango but no more my size already so irritating.
invalid	true dear..i sat to pray evening and felt so.so i sms'd you in some time...
invalid	"what will we do in the shower, baby?"
invalid	where are you ? what are you doing ? are yuou working on getting the pc to your mom's ? did you find a spot that it would work ? i need you
valid	ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send cash to 86688 only 150p/msg. cc: 08708800282 hg/suite342/2lands row/w1j6hl
valid	not heard from u4 a while. call 4 rude chat private line 01223585334 to cum. wan 2c pics of me gettin shagged then text pix to 8552. 2end send stop 8552 sam xxx
